Love that we don&#39;t have to drive to Asheville anymore to get some of the best Southern food around. Unique flavors, excellent sides, top notch sweet tea, and great service. My only wish was that they allowed reservations for parties smaller than 8
I was excited to go to this restaurant but after tasting their food I found that some where so salty, super, some no salt at all.We travel and go to many restaurants and this one will not be one we will return too.  My tongue is sore from the Brussels sprout and dusted fried chicken being so salty.  To bad!!!
Biscuits.  Yes, I said it, the biscuits are great.  I came here for a tasting as a +1 for a Yelp Elite event and then came back on a Monday night with friends and family.  First, the menu is big, but no Cheesecake Factory.  Fortunately after a tasting and a dine-in visit, I got a chance to sample a few things including the crab cakes, scallops, Appalachian Egg Rolls, catfish and goat cheese grits.  Out of those my favorites were the scallops (perfectly cooked) and the egg rolls mostly because there was pulled pork inside!  And of course the biscuits with the berry jam &amp; the tupelo honey.  Apparently the story is the honey used to come from bees in the Tupelo, MS area, but recent devastation caused a shortage.  Now they are getting the honey from a similar strain of bees, hence keeping with Tupelo.The crab cakes, I felt, had a bit too much breading and a more cakey consistency.  The catfish was normal, nothing special.  The goat cheese grits is not your Mama&#39;s grits.  It took me slightly off guard as I&#39;m used to traditional cheese grits, but I love goat cheese, and of course the two together can take a little to get used to. The crowd was lively on a Monday night, but probably because they just opened recently.  Parking can also be an issue as both times I had to park on a side street since the lot was always full.  Come prepared.  I&#39;ll come back to try the many other creative items on the menu making it a fresh change in the traditional southern fare.   Would I like more biscuits.  Yes, I&#39;ll have one more.... plate.
Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing (black bean burger) but I wasn&#39;t particularly impressed with this restaurant. The service was great and super friendly, but the food wasn&#39;t all that great.
Been here twice on various trips to Charlotte and I will definitely keep going. First of all, the biscuits in place of a bread basket are amazing. The blueberry jam served with the biscuits is great, we ate it all right up. On my most recent trip I had an omelet with pimento cheese, jalapeños, fried green tomatoes, ham, bacon, etc (shoo mercy omelet). It was a strange choice for me since I&#39;m not usually an omelet person but it was really good, I&#39;m glad I got it. I believe I got the shrimp and grits on a previous visit and also enjoyed it. My friends all really enjoyed their food, including the breakfast bowls and eggs Benedict. It is extremely popular and you need to make reservations in advance. Several days before the weekend, the only brunch time slots available were during the 9 am hour. They have a fairly large parking lot attached, but it was practically full but they time we left around 11. Took one star away because service wasn&#39;t as good as it could be on this most recent trip, even though it wasn&#39;t crowded when we got there. Took awhile to get coffee refills, etc. Definitely not bad though. Wish they had somewhere to hang your coat, like hooks on the end of the booths- it was unseasonably cold and we didn&#39;t know what to do with our coats and bags while sitting in the crowded booth.
This place is really busy! I would definitely suggest a reservation for any sized party. I came for a bachelorette brunch. Their mimosas are HUGE. We started with the fried green tomatoes with goat cheese grits. The tomatoes were not greasy at all. The breading was light and flavorful. I didn&#39;t particularly like the grits (the texture in general off puts me not this specific establishment&#39;s dish) but the other girls devoured it! I got the fried chicken sandwich with a side salad (no dressing). This was fantastic. The chicken (like the green tomatoes) were perfectly breaded and fried. The salad was crisp and I loved the radish on top. This dish (like the rest) were huge. I finished the rest for lunch!
Food is good, but not worth the prices. Especially when you consider the sub-standard service you receive there. I&#39;ve been there twice now and have had issues with really complicated things like, getting a glass of water and clearing dirty dishes off the table. Servers also act like we&#39;re a nuisance for disturbing their evening. If you expect me to pay $20 for pork, you should at least have your servers smile when they take my order. Not going back.
Finally we were able to try out Tupelo for weekend brunch! We walked in earlier today to find a 10-15 minute wait for 2 people, not bad, but we just ended up seating ourselves in the bar area. The waitress was nice but, very unorganized. We waited at the empty table we found for a few minutes before she came to wipe it off. We pretty much new what we wanted so we were ready to go, ordered the fried green tomatoes to split and then I ordered the Eggs Betty and he ordered the Fried chicken platter with fried okra. The place got pretty crowded after we sat down so the food took a bit. I was super excited to try their biscuits and berry preserve but, the server never brought them by! Our fried green tomatoes came out, yum!!! The bf loved the goat cheese grits even though he hates goat cheese normally..shhhh I didn&#39;t tell him. Very creamy, delish. The actual tomatoes were fried to perfection with the perfect amount of batter but, a little too thick of a tomato slice. Still very good with the flavorful red pepper coolie. I couldn&#39;t help myself after we finished the fried green tomatoes and asked the server to bring out the complimentary biscuits and preserves everyone else but us received (docked a star). I&#39;m so glad I did because they were so good! Buttery, flaky goodness! The preserves are spot on! They have blackberry but you can also buy to take home and they have strawberry and blueberry preserves as well. This would be perfect if served with honey butter or something. The entrees! I was already full at this point so its just nibbling from here on out. My Eggs Betty included the most perfect poached eggs I&#39;ve ever tasted, wonderfully runny! YUMM! The potato cracklins were super crispy but, needed some seasoning. All in all great entree that will for sure leave you in food coma status. The bf scarfed his fried chicken down, I didn&#39;t even get try try any lol. But, his fried okra side was perfect! Not too heavily battered but, still very crispy and extra fresh! I will be getting these next time. The server took her time bringing the check out, we were basically sitting there for 30 minutes after we finished eating. She was nice but, needs to be a tad more organized for weekend brunch, I&#39;m sure it can get stressful if you aren&#39;t on top of it.
The biscuits and honey are enough of a reason to come. The menu is varied and high quality. We split a black bean burger and spinach salad and it was fresh &amp; flavorful. I just heard they opened a branch in VA from the manager  and I can&#39;t wait to go there and take my mom
Best biscuit I had in Charlotte, hands down. It&#39;s was fluffy and buttery with a hint of salt. Plus, that blueberry jam is to die for (and free!!).I got the eggs betty with asparagus. My egg was a touch over cooked, the asparagus was well made and of course, it had a lovely biscuit to soak up and egg bits. The goat cheese grits were missing the tangy bite I pictured when I saw goat cheese. Besides that, the grits weren&#39;t thick and creamy enough for me.We shared the crispy grit cakes which had a fantastic texture and was very tasty without being overly greasy. The salsa on the side was a week thought out accompaniment.My coffee was very good, with a lower acidity than most places (so you don&#39;t get that nasty after taste).While I&#39;m used to waiting long lines for brunch, this place was really pretty packed to the gills. However, service was lovely ask around.
Tupelo has been in our hit list (places to eat lol) for some time due to the numerous positive review. The restaurant is very busy which made it hard for us to make it in. However, we decided to take a chance at brunch. Best decision!Our wait was no more than 20 min which was understandable. The waiting area is really spacious and comfy. It was a but hectic with a toddler but it helped the waiting area was spacious. Now let&#39;s dive into the good stuff and that is the food. We started everything with biscuits and homemade berry jam. Now, these biscuits were heavenly, fluffy and just the right amount of flavor. The jam was another game winner. We proceeded to order fried okra as an appetizer which was a winner. The okra was fresh and crispy with a nice amount of breading. At this point, we were slowing entering food coma. Our entrees consisted of eggs &amp; steak with oven baked potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly and the potatoes with done just right. Now the real MVP was the sauce (not sure what it was made off). My wife ordered the shrimp and grits with chorizo. Fair warning the chorizo is very spicy and a bit overwhelming. The shrimp and grits would have been amazing with out the chorizo. The grits were probably one of my favorite items in the menu. They were so creamy and just had a very good consistency.  Our toddler ordered off the kids menu which was another well prepared dish (even though it was for a kid). At this point we were the surprise of quality of food. Now, let&#39;s get to the service and overall experience. Our server and service was exceptional from the start to the end. Our server William did a great job interacting with the table even though he has like 4 other tables. Even though my beer never made it out on time but it was forgotten due to all the other positive experiences.
Just moved to Charlotte, my in laws are coming in town to visit next weekend, so my husband and I wanted to scout a few places out. Despite the rave reviews we were terribly disappointed with the service. In fact the WORST server we have ever encountered in a long time. 10 minutes after seated the server finally came ask for drink orders. A moment later someone else came back with water, then another 5 minutes later she came and asked if we were ready to order, I promptly told her we were still waiting on the coffee. She then said&#34; oh so he didn&#39;t bring the coffee out? Alright guess I will get it now.&#34; WHAT? Red flag #1. Coffee came out and tasted like it had been sitting there for two days. Since our server once again disappeared, we told the bus boy who dropped off the food to please get her for us. So we told her coffee tasted bad only for her to come back and said that&#39;s what it&#39;s suppose to taste like, in a way like we were lying and she&#39;s doing me a favor to take it off the bill. It&#39;s as if I didn&#39;t drink coffee almost everyday for the past 15 years and I know what coffee should taste like and it&#39;s definitely not sour. Red flag #2.Oh and the famous biscuits. Toward the end of the meal she asked if we wanted biscuits. Sure. Although isn&#39;t it suppose to be brought out at the beginning? Moment later she said biscuits are being made and if we still want them. Yes sure. After meal is finished she came back AGAIN and said no biscuits. Still baking. At this point we have no words.  Red flag #3. Hey on a side note, food was good. Big portions. We needed couple boxes for the leftovers. So instead of giving us proper size boxes she grabbed 6 little containers, said they are out of big boxes out in the balcony area (meaning she didn&#39;t want to waste her time to walk back inside). It just gets better. She dropped off the check, my husband pulled out the wallet getting ready to pay on the spot as we didn&#39;t want to wait another who know how long before she appears again. Then she had the guts to say &#34;yeah it&#39;s better you give me the card now, they are transitioning me inside so once I go back in it will be awhile&#34;. JUST WOW. I&#39;m a generous tipper and never go under 20%, my husband tipped $4 on $30 for this horrible experience. I would&#39;ve tipped her nothing at all. We will never come back and that waitress needs to be fired.
Good but no wow. Came here on Sunday during a pretty bad storm. The wait was the usual 20 mins. Our sever was nice and the food came out in the average amount of time. They gave everyone one biscuit to start with and some of their signature honey and jam. I wish they offered us more biscuits or just brought out a basket. I ordered the fried chicken with a side of their mac n cheese.  It also came with some of their Kale slaw. The fried chicken was juicy and yummy but they didn&#39;t do the skin right. It fell off the chicken as soon as you cut into it. The mac n cheese had a little bit of a kick to it but overall it was creamy and delicious. The Kale slaw was a fail. It didn&#39;t have a lot of flavor to it and also it sitting on top of the hot food, so it wilted and had a weird texture. Overall if I&#39;m paying $20 to eat brunch I want a wow. The food was good but I feel like I&#39;ve had a lot better for the price range.
I arrived to Tupelo around 3PM on a Sunday afternoon, a little bit after the brunch rush. I was a bit disappointed that despite the restaurant being heavily vacant that I was subject to wait 30 minutes for a table and more so thereafter for service. I can understand that restaurants and servers aren&#39;t fully staffed at that time vs 11AM, but it wasn&#39;t like the restaurant was closed or about to be closed.Anyways I digress, I ordered the Avocado toast and was very pleased with the portion sizes. Everything tasted very fresh and flavorful. The location gets a lot of natural sunlight, so it&#39;s great for picture taking. The presentation was spot on.Price-wise, the meals were right on the nose for about what you get. It&#39;s around what you expect to pay for brunch with portions around what you get. Great place if you can get a spot and don&#39;t mind exorbitant wait times.
My coworker and I had the fried chicken and shrimp &amp; grits. Both were great! I love the culture and love for sustainable resources to make their unique dishes. Try the breaded mac &amp; cheese and the apple cider collards with your fried chicken supper plate. Oh, and ask for Dylan to be your server!
Wonderful service and even better food! We tried:Shoo mercy omelet - $16Red flannel hash - $14Coffee - $3 Biscuits and honey - complimentaryThe shoo mercy was delicious and just what I was craving at the time. It had pimento cheese, friend green tomato, smoked ham, bacon, and pickled jalapeno. The omelet was big and heavy. I was only able to eat a little over half. Took the other half to go. The red flannel hash consisted of beets, potatoes, pickled onions, two fried eggs on top, horseradish, and some herbs. I was so full after the biscuits and omelet, I did not get to try the red flannel hash. My SO really enjoyed it, though. He also did not finish it and took it to go. The restaurant is located on the second floor of a shopping strip. It&#39;s cute, casual, and has an open layout. There is an elevator to the left if you don&#39;t want to/can&#39;t take the stairs. Ample parking. Will return to try more menu items!
I absolutely love this place, the food was as awesome as the service. My first experience the food wasn&#39;t the best but I always give second chances and I&#39;m glad I did. I had the pork shoulder and the cob salad with grilled chicken both were absolutely, my favorite was the pork because of how tender and flavorful it was and the crispy outside was a great addition. I am very particular about my grits and they shocked me with their goat cheese grits; they were perfectly seasoned, perfect amount of cheese, great consistency, and the flavor was indescribable. I also had the Brussel sprouts, they were incredible; the biscuits were a great consistency and it was served with salted butter; lastly, I had the fries, I requested them extra crispy and I got just that! I also have to applaud the EXCELLENT service! The manager and servers were great and helped me order, both seemed to have great knowledge of their menu as well! Thank you for the excellent experience!
Tupelo Honey was delicious! Even though we came on a Monday Brunch/Lunch, we made a reservation for 12:15 pm for the outside patio and THANK GOD we did, because there were so many people here at that time. Whether corporate lunches or personal, there were just so many people that wanted to sit outside.We ordered with our stomachs and not our eyes and realized we were so so stuffed by the end of our appetizers. For appetizers: we ordered Crispy Brussels (without Bacon) and Fried Okra. Both were mouthwatering delicious. I also ordered a Rosemary Peach Lemonade which was tasty! 100% recommend!For our entree, I did the Lunch Combo - 1/2 spicy avocado &amp; egg sandwich, 1/2 mixed greens salad, and french fries. The spicy avocado &amp; egg sandwich comes with a organic nut bread, but I&#39;m allergic so I requested a different bread. They ran out of sourdough so I opted for Pumpernickel. Everything was super delicious, but I was so full from apps I ate everything inside my sandwich and left the bread. I couldn&#39;t even finish my fries (!!!). All in all, a beautiful &amp; delicious lunch spot!
First off I love the vibes of this place, and their biscuits are TO DIE FOR. But I feel like I had waaay to high of expectations when I came here for brunch. We asked for an outside seating, which was a must because the weather was lovely!! I see a lot of families coming here all dressed up nicely for brunch - love(: I came here wanting to order their French toast or shakshuka which I saw on their menu online, but I was so disappointed to not see it on their menu! (Whyyyy) So I stuck with the kale grilled shrimp salad and the lavender limenade. The lavender limenade was really good! You could taste the lavender and they didn&#39;t overly sweeten it so still had the sourness from the lime which is perfect! But the salad, whyyyyy does it taste like I&#39;m eating straight up grass? The yogurt dressing was okay, the pears added a hint of sweetness- great, shrimp was big and banging but the lettuce and radishes tasted like they straight up ripped it up from the ground. My cousins ordered the fried chicken burger, it looked SO bomb but it was legit sitting in a pool of grease. (I&#39;m not even exaggerating) Also, the fries were super duper soggy &amp; tasted like regular frozen fries. Overall the presentation of the foods were awesome! But the taste sadly disappointed me. If I&#39;m ever coming back it would be for sure for the biscuits!
Great service, Kat the bartender was friendly and made great suggestions along with an awesome old fashioned.  Fried okra was perfect, low country catfish with fried green tomatoes was also great.  Reservations on opentable made it easy to get a spot right when I arrived.  Total was $50ish with tip, which was good imo with top shelf drink, appetizer and entree.
First time visiting this restaurant which was recommended by a friend on a Thursday Afternoon. It was not busy at all and we were able to sit on the patio. Holliday was our server and was great! She gave us both food and drink recommendations. I had the steak salad and my boyfriend had the friend chicken BLT. Both were both delicious. Yelp also had 10% off for check ins! I would recommend this place!
Great brunch place! Yummy biscuits and for a southern restaurant there was a lot of vegetarian options!
Where do I began? I casually was touring the city and was looking for great food. A friend, told me about Tupelo and the amazing breakfast. I thought...Why no check it out. I approach the establishment. EXCITED. The smell of pancakes and honey reeked the parking lot. Which excited me more. I was greeted by a cute host who sat us. What happened next was appalling. I ordered drinks and didn&#39;t receive it for 40mins. I asked the waitress about it who became defensive because she felt as if I was rushing the bartender. Now, I&#39;m realizing it&#39;s a crime to inquire about your order here. When I&#39;m a paying guest and I deserve to know what&#39;s taking so long. So, I can make a more informed decision. I could&#39;ve believe what i was witnessing. That sparked poor service for the rest of the meal. I ordered the Shrimp and grits. The waitress would barely come check back with table. By the time my food arrives it was cold. I don&#39;t understand cold grits. Hardly refilled glasses for beverages. Needless to say, i lost my appetite. I couldn&#39;t even experience the great food I heard about because of a rotten apple and piss poor attitude. When will employees learn food/drinks will always be a people business. It&#39;s so important to be nice and courteous with people. Very disappointed to say the least.
We were seated faster than expected and had lovely service. The fried chicken and sweet potato pancakes were my favorite part of the meal. It was oozing with flavor. This order is good for two people and you get a little bit of everything! and my boyfriend and I split it making the perfect serving size! Squash toast was very tasty and savory, although one piece of toast for $13? Rough but something different from avo toast. Overall, great brunch spot
I&#39;m always searching for new breakfast spots on the weekend, and went there per a friend&#39;s suggestion.  When arriving, I was excited to see complimentary valet - but upon pulling up to the station, the attendant just stared at us.  Didn&#39;t move.  After enduring a strange staring contest, and no service, we proceeded to park ourselves.  Upon walking in, I knew immediately this was a 5-star place.  The interior was awesome and I love the little bee paintings and artwork.  We were seated pretty straightaway, and that&#39;s when my mental star-rating went down.  - They don&#39;t have espresso; it&#39;s my belief that if you&#39;re going to be a breakfast spot, you should have this all-important a.m. beverage.- We told the server that one of us had an egg allergy.  He takes our order, puts it in, and as the order is being delivered informed us that it had eggs.  Uhm... shouldn&#39;t you have told us that when we ordered?  He takes the plate back to the kitchen, then brings it back saying that it didn&#39;t have eggs.  Seriously?!  Get it together.  - The wait time for the food was ridiculous.  The place was only half filled, and we had a screaming toddler.  The appetizer biscuits didn&#39;t come to our table for 40 minutes, and the actual food (only two plates) arrived in 85 minutes.- The menu options are nice, but really limited.  If you do have an egg allergy, there are no real alternatives.  And if you&#39;re not into omelets, fried chicken or shrimp and grits, there are no other viable options - so if you&#39;re plain like me, you&#39;re SOL.I left leaving a bit disappointed because I arrived so excited and full of hope.  From the lazy valet, the incompetent server, the long food waiting period, and lack of menu options, I&#39;m sad to say that we will not be returning.
We stopped at Tupelo Honey after traveling cross country to finally arrive in Charlotte. I mentioned to our waiter Kimberly that I had missed southern food and wished I could eat an order of fried green tomatoes but knew it would be too much. The biscuits that are brought to the table are light and fluffy.  When she came back to take out order she had 2 fried green tomatoes and said &#34;welcome back!&#34; How thoughtful!! I ordered the Spanish omelet and it was amazing and full of flavor. My hubby had the chicken BLT and it was crispy and juicy. We will absolutely be back!! Great service and fantastic food!! Kimberly rocks!
Oh man....This place is good if you like butter and oil and fat running through your veins..My friend and I went for an early dinner because I wanted some biscuits!Their biscuits definitely hit the spot and loved the jamWe both got the veggie melt because we wanted something a little lighter.. But we were misled! The veggie melt was overflowing with cheese and the bread it came w was drenched in butter/oil for sureeeI also got the sweet potato mash which was ok.Overall, definitely a super heavy heavy meal. My friend and I felt like we had to go work out right afterwards. But a cute place with a nice homey atmosphere. Go if you don&#39;t mind some heavy heavy food.
Decided to treat my hubby to brunch on a Saturday morning, which would be our first time dining here.  We are lovers of this place for life! I was wise enough to make reservations and we had little to no wait time as there were plenty of patrons waiting to get seated.I started out with a Megamosa (large mimosa) and they brought biscuits, fresh blueberry jam, and honey to the table. I couldn&#39;t help but to indulge while my hubby continuously battled back and forth over his brunch selections.  The jam was delicious as well as the honey atop of the biscuit. We both ordered the Shoo-Mercy Sweet Potato and I must say, it was one of THE best breakfast entreés we&#39;ve had in quite awhile from any restaurant.  The sweet potato pancakes along with the fried chicken breast were soooo delish!!! It was a perfect combination. The baked apple as well as the eggs were nice accompaniments. It comes with bacon as well, but I had mine without the bacon.I did kinda regret eating that biscuit as the Shoo-Mercy won the battle. My hubby ended up devouring his while I struggled to finish. I ended up boxing the rest to-go and it tasted the same when I ate it later that day. The service and quality of food were great and we&#39;ll definitely be back!
Having been to the original location in Asheville, this location fails to reach their success in the kitchen.  Service was simply meh and unresponsive (slower than it should be and not organized).Onto the food.  I had the carnivore breakfast pie with a side of breakfast potatoes, that was so bad I couldn&#39;t eat it.   The meat appeared to be one slice of thin low grade ham lunch meet diced up and spread through a scrambled egg baked in a pie crust.  The eggs were over cooked to a rubber texture, and the pie crust was too thick and dry to be served in a 4&#34; tart shape.  I tried adding ketchup, then mayonnaise, then syrup.  Nothing seemed to work, so I only ate the potatoes, which were simply ok. The only reason I give them 2 stars, is because the biscuits they bring to the table may be in the top 5 in the city.  However, if you are going for breakfast, just get the sweet potato pancake as it was the only good thing served at our table.
Not that great. I would say out of the three dishes we ordered, we only enjoyed the biscuits that came before our meal. We got the meatloaf (dry and bland, almost like eating a cheap burger patty); &#34;fried chicken&#34; (more like salty country fried steak); and the salmon with salad (meager portions for the price). The biscuits were nice and fluffy but OH MY GOODNESS why is their other food so terrible? Not only is it poorly made and prepared but it took us an hour to get our food! This wasn&#39;t even during their busy hours. Severely disappointed in the food though and will not be coming back a second time. It seems like there&#39;s a lot of hype surrounding this place and maybe because it&#39;s a cool casual ambiance on top of a building, but I say don&#39;t bother. Expensive for the quality of food and nothing very outstanding in their menu.
Best martinis in Charlotte. I love going after work and getting a martini and some appetizers. Definitely my favorite place in Charlotte! Haven&#39;t had bad food or a bad drink yet!
We came in during a busy brunch on a Sunday. (Beware that you might have a wait due to Charlotte foodies getting out of church or locals needing to bite the hair of the dog.)The bar is seat yourself and we were able to grab a table there while waiting. Our server greeted us letting us know she wanted to go home. All through our meal she wasn&#39;t tentative to little things like drinks -our coffee wasn&#39;t hot. The food was amazing, although it wasn&#39;t hot-hot when it was served. The parings of ingredients are great no matter what items you order. There are great spin off southern dishes that everyone should try. Over all the food will bring us back.
Had heard good things about Tupelo Honey, but unfortunately, this was a pretty disappointing visit. We got there at 5 pm on a Friday because my sister has a young child and they tend to eat on the earlier side and because we needed to be out of there relatively quickly. Although the restaurant was almost completely empty, we had to wait almost 15 minutes to get a table (and that was after we finally asked if we could be seated soon because we had to be somewhere).Lots of credit to our server who was great with my 2 year old nephew and brought his food out ASAP.  To be honest, my nephew&#39;s sweet potato pancake that I stole a bite of was probably the best out of everything we ordered. Unfortunately, the vegetarian options for the adults were just weak (I think they just rolled out a new menu?) and we basically had to order a bunch of sides. Not impressed.  There wasn&#39;t even a veggie sandwich option.Mac and cheese came out cold so we had to send it back. The edamame was a bit soggy and just didn&#39;t taste that fresh. We ordered the pimiento cheese appetizer but it didn&#39;t come out until after we got the main course (it was clear they forgot about it). I hear they are opening up a branch in Arlington, Virginia soon, so hopefully that branch will get its act together (and actually have some good vegetarian options too).
As always the food is fresh and service is off the hook. You can tell when an establishment has passion in good food. It tickles down into the amazing service and food cooked with love. A  must if you are in Charlotte for foodies beware you need to get here early or make a reservation as there is always a line.Be sure to ask for Johnathan he will make the dining experience worth it. He describes the food and drinks with such skill pictures will appear in your head.
I have been here a couple times before, but this visit was probably my favorite! The waitress (I cannot remember her name...) was very polite and kind. While we were looking at the menu she asked if we had questions - and she was able to answer them all and seemed honest about her responses. It was happy hour, so I ended up getting a martini to drink. For my entree I ordered the iron steak with brussel sprouts and fingerling potatoes as the sides. The biscuits are my favorite part of the meal! They are homemade and still warm when served. They come with a side of homemade blackberry jam and honey. THEY ARE AMAZING! If they had all you can eat biscuits, I would be there in a heartbeat! For the entree, it was delicious as well! The steak had a pepper sauce on it - although it was not really saucey, but it was still pretty good. Had a little heat to it, but they did a light &#39;sauce&#39; so it was perfect! The steak was cooked absolutely perfect - medium, of course. I am not a huge fan of brussels, but they were actually good! Plus they mixed the fingerling potatoes with the brussels. The potatoes was cooked perfectly, and seasoned to perfection! I was beyond full after eating the large portion they consider dinner, and did not get a dessert. I am excited to keep coming back here!
True southern food with a twist, Tupelo Honey has terrific drinks and food. With excellent portion sizes and bread to begin, you cannot leave this location still hungry. It has a great atmosphere in an upstairs area although it has tight seating. They have multiple locations around the United States and I would go to this brand no matter where I traveled!
The complementary biscuits and blueberry jam are awesome. I had the wicked chicken sandwich. It was good but a little too spicy for me, and I like spicy food. The desserts, particularly the pecan pie, were amazing!
Expect a significant wait but quick turnaround between ordering and receiving your food. We arrived around 10AM on a Sunday and were quoted 45-60 minutes for indoor seating and 15-20 minutes for outdoor seating. Bar seating is available but minimal -  expect for people to gather around the bar as they grab a drink while waiting for their tables. We opted for outdoor seating and the time quote was accurate.What we ordered: - Blueberry champagne short stack (free with email signup) - worth an email sign up to try it, but the pancakes are kid-sized haha - Southern shakshuka - you can&#39;t go wrong ordering this! A good balance of grits, egg, tomatoes and avocado- Apple cider pork belly hash - essentially potatoes + 2 eggs. Don&#39;t get me wrong, it was delicious and well made, but I don&#39;t think it was substantial enough to be considered an entree. It would be a great appetizer though! I&#39;d recommended it as something to share, not something to order for yourself only.
Tupelo Honey Cafe lives up to its hype.  My girl friend and I arrived on a weekday early evening and had no problems getting a seat.  Apparently this place is hot as a brunch spot.  Plenty of space inside, though outside was packed since it was nice out.  This place serves up some serious Southern fare.  Service was very nice and we were attended to most of the evening.  Don&#39;t come here if you&#39;re looking for anything close to healthy, by the way.Fried Green Tomatoes - deliciously crispy on the outside and slightly tangy (as it should be) on the inside.  Served over their signature goat cheese grits.  Delicious - a must get!Crispy lemon brussel sprouts - if anything, I would pass on these.  Very fried and not enough lemon flavor, or any flavor at all, really.  Not good if you hate brussel sprouts.Baked mac and cheese - legit mac and cheese.  What more can I say?  Good ratio of cheese to macaroni.Tupelo shrimp and grips (added chorizo) - y&#39;all.  The chorizo does it here.  Absolutely worth the extra $3 as it gives the whole thing even more flavor and kick.  The grits, which are the same as in the fried green tomatoes.  The shrimp are large, juicy, plump, well-seasoned, and oh-so-delicious.  This was our favorite dish of the evening, hands down.  But - you have to add the chorizo!Shoo mercy pancake - basically fried chicken (breast) and sweet potato pancake.  This thing was massive.  The sweet potato pancake was awesome and went very well with the peach butter and of course, maple syrup.  I don&#39;t care for thick cut special bacon... just prefer the normal boring Oscar Mayer stuff, so if this is your jam, you&#39;d love the copious amounts of bacon on here.  The fried chicken breast was juicy and crispy and goes well with hot sauce and honey (trust me). This comes pretty close to the shrimp and grits.Biscuits with homemade jam and tupelo honey - for some reason they never brought these out til halfway through our meal.  YAAAAAAAAS these are amazing, especially with the tupelo honey (the best!) and homemade berry jam.Pecan pie - skip.  I&#39;ve had better elsewhere.  Or maybe we were just too full.Solid place for good service, great Southern food, and groups (on weekday evenings).
I had an awesome time at the Moonrise Brunch last night! There was a great group of people there. I enjoyed the Ahab Lament, which is a spiced rum drink with pineapple and bitters. Two was all I needed. The Bar Tenders were fast, friendly and offered a strong pour.The food was tapas style. My favorites were:* Bacon Biscuit Slider with Orange Jalapeno Marmalade and Cream Cheese Boom! * Chorizo, Egg and Pimento Cheese Taco * Pain Perdu with Blueberry CompoteI added the &#39;Boom!&#39; up there for effect. Their spicy tacos hit the spot too. Chef was very active, out on the floor. He made a couple of dishes off the menu which makes the experience all the more enjoyable. Did I mention the people? Lots of fun people there hanging out. We piled in a long tall table in the middle of the room and sat on bar stools. I stood half the time too.The Moonrise Brunch has three critical elements that make for a great night: tasty food with variety, strong drinks with lightning fast service and a great group of people that want to hang out and have fun! Highly recommended!
There is a Tupelo Honey restaurant in Knoxville, TN that is one of my favorites. This Charlotte one just fell short of my expectations. We went on Friday night around 6:30-7:00pm, and the restaurant wasn&#39;t crowded at all. That was our first clue. The food we ordered was just okay. The brussel sprouts and hominy was ruined by the overpowering horseradish taste, the macaroni and cheese was very dry, and the biscuits weren&#39;t warm. The trout and blackened catfish we ordered were good, but the best item was the fried green tomatoes appetizer. We ordered water and the bill was over $70 with tip for 2 people. I don&#39;t think we&#39;ll be back to this location.
holy cow! The shoo mercy shrimp and grits is sooooooo goooood but sooooo pricey. I believe it was around 26 dollars for just that plate but it makes sense why it&#39;s expensive since they use shrimps the size of baseballs!!! (Exaggeration but they&#39;re jumbo shrimps) lol. I haven&#39;t been here for dinner but brunch here is pretty good. But they recently change the way they make their biscuits and I&#39;m not a fan. Bring back the old biscuit recipe!! !
We&#39;ve been here a number of times and have zero complaints. Great food, great service, parking. What more can you ask for? The meatloaf. The meatloaf. So good. The biscuits? Fried Green Tomatoes? Have those, too, and you&#39;ll be a Happy Camper.
Our first stop during our recent visit to Charlotte and it kicked off the weekend to a great start!! They give you complimentary biscuits as soon as you sit down. It came with a side of amazing berry jam and honey. The biscuits were one of the best ones I&#39;ve ever had! It was perfectly buttery, soft on the inside and had a savory kick to it. We also got some sweet tea which came with free refills!We ordered the fried chicken and biscuits as well as the shrimp and grits. Both were absolutely delicious!! The chicken was very crispy and tender. The shrimp was savory.If you check in on Yelp, you get a 10% discount! This must be a new deal because our waitress had no idea how it worked and it took an extra 10 minutes of going back and forth with the manager to get the discount. Still worth it!!
AMAZING! It is worth all the hype that surrounds it. Make that reservation or find a time to go when it isn&#39;t busy (which may be never). The homemade biscuits and blueberry jelly as an appetizer were so wonderful. Got the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and mac n cheese. My mom got the shrimp and grits. Also, had their banana pudding for dessert. It was all quality, service was great, and I can&#39;t wait to go back.
Went out to dinner with a friend and had a great time! We sat at the outdoor patio which is really nice. Everything was great the staff is friendly, our waiter was awesome, and the food was delicious. I will definitely go again.
Stopped here while on vacation from Pennsylvania. When I say they have amazing food, they have AMAZING FOOD. First off the biscuits and the blueberry jam are amazing. I wish I could have had every item on the menu but I did get to have the fried chicken and biscuits and my fellow foodie had the cracklins and the farmers breakfast (I think that&#39;s what it is called.) All of it left us wanting more. I don&#39;t think you can go wrong with anything here!!Not to mention, the staff was incredibly kind, quick, and efficient.If you get a chance, go here. There is no way you could regret if you have even the smallest liking for southern food.
We stopped in here while we were in Charlotte after a wedding. Food was very comforting and drinks were good. The only thing that was bad was the long wait without a reservation.
I&#39;d say this is more of a morning drink spot then a good food spot. Food is pretty greasy, and it didn&#39;t blow me away as much as I would have thought (given the long wait). The pictures make it look tastier than it actually is.I will say their biscuits are on point! Sadly, the free biscuits are more delicious than the entree you pay for.
Had lunch here and it was fantastic! Our server Kimberly was amazing and recommended the fried green tomatoes, which were delicious. Great breakfast, brunch or lunch spot!
So good! First of all, my brother made a reservation online the day before. We pulled up exactly at 12:30pm for lunch, and they were calling him letting us know our table was ready. Perfect! Our waiter was very friendly. He was able to accommodate our group of 6 just fine. A few of us ordered mimosas and bloody Marys. Despite how busy the restaurant was, they came out within a few minutes. Those were delicious! (Though, I could just be saying that because I was dining with my parents and they were causing us to drink!) A few minutes later, their signature biscuits came out, with the homemade blackberry jam. The jam isn&#39;t too tart, and I love how you can still see the little pieces of berry when you got to spread it on your hot, fluffy biscuit. For my main course, I ordered the fried chicken BLT. The chicken was perfectly fried. Nice and crispy, with juicy white tender meat inside. The bacon was also crispy-a must with a BLT. My side idea was a small salad, which actually wasn&#39;t small at all. It was a good bowlful. The salad contained spring greens, carrots, cherry tomatoes, and pine nuts. I ordered the avocado vinaigrette, which was really good. You should definitely come visit Tupelo Honey!
We got a variety of dishes here on our business trip! The waitress that helped us was very sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. I&#39;ve heard a lot of great things about Tupelo honey so I was excited to try! The wine was okay and the appetizers were delicious! I loved the okra and the Brussel Sprouts!! Yum. The burrata appetizer was really good as well. However, a little disappointed in the entrees. The salad that on of our colleagues for was really dry and didn&#39;t taste fresh at all. the steak was extremely dry. I got the grits and scallops and that was okay. The scallops were good but those grit cakes were very dry. Really cute atmosphere and restaurant, though! We loved the set up and loved our seats outside. Great customer service. Just meh food
Wonderful as always! Shared the fried green tomatoes and fired chicken and biscuits for our meal. Plenty of food! The portions are very generous. Our waiter was great very attentive despite the busy atmosphere. I do suggest making reservations online if you can. It saved us lots of time. This was my second time to a Tupelo Honey (my first was in downtown Asheville) and I&#39;ll definitely go every chance I can.
Yelp 100 Challenge 2018: 32/100Stumbled upon this place while trying to look for a good lunch spot before heading to the airport and decided to eat on the west side of Charlotte. This is quite a busy place during a random weekday lunch! I like that there was plenty of parking options behind the restaurant, since it was also close to a metro station. The restaurant is on the second floor, so you will have to take either flight of the stairs to go up. As soon as you walk up the stairs, you will see a very inviting environment, with string lights and cute outdoor seating for those who want to enjoy a nice day outside. My party was seated inside by the window, and I immediately nerded-out looking at their ceiling fans. Their ceiling fans are connected together by a pulley system, and powered by a motor! Pretty darn cool. Not knowing what to order, our server first brought us some corn bread to share with some berry-type jam and honey. Mixing the berry jam and the honey together was the best! We then ordered a Grilled cheese pork sandwich and a pork shoulder dish. I was actually quite disappointed by the pork shoulder dish. I wish that the meat was a bit more juicy, but most of it was rather dry besides the part that has some fat on top of it. It didn&#39;t have much flavoring besides the toppings on top of the pork shoulder and I wish they had a dry rub or marinated it a bit before cooking it. The Brussels sprouts sides and the fries were amazing though! And the Grilled Cheese Pork Sandwich totally made up for it! It was sweet and salty all mixed together. Although it was slightly on the oily side, it tasted amazing and I didn&#39;t mind. Overall, I had a great dining experience here. The ambiance here reminds me of a cute southern town, and I just wish I ordered something else on the menu that they were probably more well known for. Until next time!
Good menu and good ambience. They serve everyone a biscuit with jam and honey when you first get there- I love that!I got their sweet potato pancakes with fried chicken on top- this is a dish for two people! I ate all the chicken and the baked apple was good with the bacon, but I could only eat one of the pancakes. Everything was good, the chicken was juicy and crispy, and the bacon was not too greasy. The baked apple added a nice tartness and lightness to the whole dish. One thing I appreciated- they actually made my eggs over medium!!! This is a rarity and I commend the chef for making my eggs a perfect medium, thank you!!!
WOW. My childhood friend, who lives in the Charlotte area, took me here for brunch while I was visiting. She has been here a few times now and swore I would love it here and she was right, I did! I ordered the banana pudding pancakes and she ordered the eggs Betty. There were a couple items on the menu I was thinking of ordering but I&#39;m so glad I went with these pancakes! For those with a sweet tooth, these pancakes are for you! They were covered in pudding, bananas, and a very sweet sugary rum sauce they called it. These pancakes were very filling and I could not finish them all even though I wanted to! The portions are huge! My friend did not finish all of her plate either. We also ordered a side of grits (they were awesome), and mimosas, which were also really decently sized! In my opinion, this place is a bit on the pricey side. However, the food is really good and the portions are huge so I&#39;d say it&#39;s worth it! The atmosphere of this place was great. They had a few different seating areas inside, a bar, and outdoor seating. It was a pretty large space and the place was packed for their Saturday brunch time. We did not make a reservation and waited at the bar for maybe 10-15 minutes for a table to be ready. Our waitress was super nice and helpful with the menu. The bathrooms were clean. And the decor in this place is awesome! It&#39;s got a trendy rustic vibe to it! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great brunch spot!
This place is awesome. Their &#34;small plates&#34; option is not actually that &#34;small&#34;. We ordered 4 small plates and it was a lot of food! I love the portions and the food was delicious! Service was awesome.
Tip! I tried going here after 11am on a Sunday and it was around 1.5 hr wait for 2 ppl. Pretty ridiculous! If you wanna try their brunch, get their by 1030 or before, wait will be around 10-20 min.Our server was very helpful in recommending popular orders. I had the fried chicken breast BLT sandwich which he recommended w avocado, amazing! Chicken was juicy, veggies were ripe, and fries were seasoned well. Only downside was the biscuits. It came out after our dishes and didn&#39;t taste fresh and wasn&#39;t warm.
After my review from my last visit here, the Manager was courteous enough to send me a note of apology, with a generous offer to return.So we made good on the offer tonight...My husband and I arrived around 6:30 pm in the middle of pouring rain...and as expected, we were able to slide right into our table. However! Despite many empty tables in the restaurant, the hostess took us to the worst possible seating, in a near-ridiculous, mini-sized table in this hallway area (?!?). Well, I asked for a larger table. She then took us to THE BAR. This pretty much ruined our dining experience from the get-go. No, we didn&#39;t have a reservation, but it was a rainy night, and didn&#39;t think it was necessary...and by all appearances, it didn&#39;t seem necessary at all. We even noticed several empty tables in the restaurant while we were finishing off our meal (?!?!?).We started with Mac &amp; Cheese Bites...which were really, really good. No problems there! Then the complimentary Biscuits...which were surprisingly lackluster. I remember them being pretty good last time, but not so much this time. As for the entree, my husband ordered the Roasted Mountain Trout, and he really liked it! Despite my husband&#39;s warning (that I probably won&#39;t like it), I ordered the Shoo Mercy Sweet Potato Pancakes. Guess I wanted to order something truly Southern since that&#39;s what this place is all about?!? Well, unfortunately, my husband was right. It was just not my thing. First of all, the plate itself was very generous, with heaping portions of pancakes, bacon, eggs with fried chicken. HUGE!! Sadly, I didn&#39;t like any of it. The chicken itself was way too greasy, and fairly bland. Just not my kind of batter...and just not my kind of flavoring? I can go through the rest, but I think I&#39;ll just stop short and say that I just didn&#39;t love it. Thankfully, we ended our meal on a bright note. We ordered these Mini-Mason Jar Desserts, one in Banana Pudding and the other in Peanut Butter-Chocolate Ganache. I&#39;m happy to say that these little treats were DEE-Lish! One thing I must mention is the Iced Tea. It wasn&#39;t even cold...as there was no ice in the first or the refilled cup. I had to actually stop myself from bitching about this part with the waitress. After all, I was here to make good on a generous offer!As for the service... Again, a bit mixed. I can tell that the waitress was a bit stressed with the amount of tables she was assigned to in the bar area, but she did her best. Even the Manager kindly stopped by our table for a greeting. But I can&#39;t ignore the fact that we were rudely seated by the hostess not just once (at this awful hallway area with a mini-sized table), but a second time, ending up at the bar area. I stopped myself from mentioning this bit of aggravation to the Manager when he stopped by the table as well. But seriously, if the restaurant was full, I would have understood...but it was not (possibly due the dreary, rainy weather).Honestly, despite the ups and downs in the foods, I would have gladly given a 4 star rating this time IF we were seated in the restaurant itself. After all, this was a visit based on a courtesy offer...and we appreciated the good gesture by the Manager. Again, I did like the appetizer and the dessert, but was just not a fan of the super-Southern, super-fatty entree. Plus, I hated the NON-icy Iced Tea. Luckily, my husband liked all the foods, the app, the entree and the dessert. But I&#39;ll say it again for the last time... We had dinner at THE BAR (when there were plenty of tables open at the restaurant!). Both my husband and I didn&#39;t appreciate that at all...and for that alone, I just can&#39;t up the review from my last visit. Sorry...but not sorry?
This place is very nice, great sweet tea, awesome biscuits, the best fried okra I have ever had. The shrimp and grits were ok, the shrimp tasted old. Would come back.
First, the biscuits are TO DIE FOR! I indulge each time I visit Charlotte. The goat cheese small plate is wonderful, but the tomato soup is lacking a full flavor. The Mac and Cheese is tasty if you&#39;re into pasta. I usually stick with a salad because I know I&#39;m going to eat a biscuit or three.
Used to love it for brunch, but lately it&#39;s been a disappointment. Wrong meal, bad service, messy atmosphere, extra long waits, bad food.
I was very unhappy with my pork belly hash. It was $15 for a fried potato and very few tiny pieces of pork belly. It almost felt like they forgot to put some in until I found very very tiny pieces like five total and they were the size of your finger nailsI was deciding between that or the French toast I wish I got the French toast but I feel like the amount of pork belly would still be equally disappointingMy boyfriend however really liked his pancakes eggs and bacon!The service was great. Five stars service for sure all around! I would like to add that Lauren at the bar was very nice I needed a bandaid for my cut but there were none left under the cash register but she went to get me one from her own purse! I thought that was very kind.
I&#39;m glad I tryed this place, it&#39;s nothing fancy but good food and excellent customer serviceTried the fried green Tomatoes (very first time trying them) i&#39;m so glad I tried them here because it wasn&#39;t just the fried green tomatoes that made it so good it was the sauce with the fried green tomatoes. They were fried perfectly crispy and definitely flavorful.  I was really surprised how good it tasted!  I also tried the scallops again really really good, the flavor and texture to me was just as good as the scallops at McCormick and Smiths. They were not as big as McCormick and Smith, but just as tasty.I also had the sweet potato pancakes topped with fried chicken, bacon, butter and syrup:) . I am not a pancake fan, really don&#39;t like them to much But these were so good......everyone should try.  If i could change anything about the food it would be to have dark meat instead of white I just don&#39;t like white meat and also maybe making a chicken a little bit more salty. (I might only feel that way because of the white meat flavor) Texture of fried chicken was perfect, I just don&#39;t understand why they only Cary white meat?? it can&#39;t be health reasons,,,,,not when serving with bacon and pancakes
Went for brunch, it was okay. I ordered their famous pancakes I always heard great things about. It wasn&#39;t quite what I expected. Their homemade jam was great though. I will probably not be going back. It was overpriced and the quality wasn&#39;t up to par. I couldn&#39;t finish the plate because of the lingering taste it had. The only good thing about this place is the service. The server was very friendly and understood our disappointment about the food. We took a bite, payed and left. We didn&#39;t even stay to finish it was that nasty. I definitely do NOT recommend it.
Walked right in and seated quickly...on a Saturday night!  Menu had lots of southern comfort foods.  We ordered 4 dishes, my favorite bring the melt in your mouth fried okra(possibly the best I&#39;ve had!!)  Outside seating on the upstairs balcony was nice too.
goat cheese grits, Shoo Mercy Pancakes, Shoo Mercy OmeleteMy husband and I went bright and early Sunday morning when they opened. There was plenty of parking in the private lot right in front of the restaurant.The space was spacious and clean. Service was extremely friendly and professional. Our server Ashley definitely went above and beyond serving our table giving us her recommendations and constantly checking up on us (without overdoing it). We ordered the Shoo Mercy Pancakes, Shoo Mercy Omelette and a side of Goat Cheese Grits.The pancake came with a piece of fried chicken placed on a giant single pancake. The serving size was definitely generous and it was delicious.My husband&#39;s omelette had pimento cheese and fried green tomatoes. Definitely a great way to go to get a taste of the South. He raved about it so I can tell he enjoyed it.Our side of grits were perfectly made and flavorful.The bathrooms were clean. We were the first ones seated but by the time we left the place was slowly getting busier but definitely not as crowded as it would be later on in the day.Bathrooms were very clean.Can&#39;t wait to go back and try other things!
Let me just say the general manager was a delight to interact with; I BELIVE his name was Cedric Castro. There was some mix ups with the food in our party but he took care of everything plus some. From the wings, to the shrimp, to the greens, fish, mac n cheese, and the biscuits man oh man it was really good. Now as I talk about this next dish I might cry; now I never ever eat Banana Pudding but we had a choice between that and pecan pie as our free desert curiosity of Mr. Castro. At first I ordered the Pecan Pie because like I said I do not eat Banana Pudding but as the desert came out and my sister got Banana Pudding I decided to taste hers. OMG IT WAS SO DEVINE THAT I ASKED TO SWITCH OUT MY DESERT. Omg this is by far THEE BEST BANANA PUDDING EVERRRRR. It was cold and everything had a little bit of everything in ever layer. I want more NOW.........Please do not leave this place without trying the BANANA PUDDING. I will be back very very soon....
I&#39;ve been here twice and have not been disappointed either time. Great ambiance, great service, great food! I just wish it was closer to where I lived T_T
I really enjoyed the food at Tupelo Honey. I ordered the Shoo Mercy sweet potato pancakes with fried chicken and bacon. The portion size is just enormous. Enough food to feed two people. The pancakes were delicious. The bacon was good but I thought it was slightly over cooked. I know that some people do like their bacon slightly burnt and super crispy. My girlfriend ordered the pork belly hash which was a bit disappointing as there was not much pork belly in it. I did enjoy the potatoes in the hash which was very tasty. I would like to visit again and try the other items on their menu.
I love the tupelo honey chain and would come back for the biscuits alone. The Ashville location is my favorite, but this place is great as well. I&#39;ve gotten the rainbow trout and it was great! It&#39;s awesome to see local food from around the area paired with local beer as well.
So I decided to came back the other night bc I had such a great experienced the first time. Again The food were delicious! This time I tried this pineapple drink it was so good! Our server was Emma she was amazing and super friendly :) I love everything about this place. I will keep coming back! Thank you Tupelo Honey for amazing food and service :)
This place has great vegetarian options! My vegetarian coworkers were blown away and thankful to have found such a place in the South. I on the other hand was not convinced that this was Southern fare. I had some dry ribs, weirdly sweet breaded catfish with a weird sear and some bland tasting sweet tea chicken. Not impressed, but after realizing that this is a chain restaurant, I became convinced that although their marketing was on point, this place kind of seemed like Red Robin of fancy Southern food. The service was great (she split the bills between our large group and was very kind about it!)  and food came out quite promptly.
First time here with coworkers on travel...they also have a northern VA location from we are from but never had a chance to try them out. Service was awesome and so was the food. So good that I completely forgot to take pictures! Their complimentary biscuits and blueberry jam was amazing! All the apps sounded delicious but we opted for the fried green tomatoes and fried Brussels sprouts. Absolutely delicious! I got the breakfast platter that consisted of pancakes, eggs, buttermilk fried chicken with pecan topping! My coworkers tried the shrimp and grits with chirizo, honey glazed wings, fried chicken w/mac-n-cheese and collards. I pretty much taste tested all of their food and I must say that EVERYTHING was delicious! I will definitely be going to my VA location back home!
I have food allergies so they were very accommodating and made my food to order. Excellent service, especially Jonathan. We had a crowd of 12 people during their busy Saturday brunch time and he was on top of his game and provided awesome service! Will definitely ask for him in the future.
I want to like you Tupelo... I really do. This review highlights the good and the bad. LOCATIONSouth Blvd, second floor... across from Liberty AMBIANCESouthern chic. The pulley-system fans get me everytime. Love that. Sit outside if the weather is good. FOODWe love their biscuits.... and their jam. Sometimes I wish we could just go in for free biscuits and jam and leave.... (I mean, we&#39;d leave at tip....) We hate their chicken anything... mostly because we were served raw chicken. Pink, my friends. Uncooked. Raw. ... then we had to pay for our meal... we paid for our raw chicken. Drinks are strong. Be prepared. We&#39;ll leave you with this - come here for breakfast. Don&#39;t order their chicken... or if you do, be prepared to pay for their mistakes.
Had the fried chicken and biscuit and the southern poutine scramble. The fried chicken was fried to perfection (crispy and not too much batter) - I really enjoyed the boneless chicken. It had good flavor. The biscuit and gravy was average. The Southern poutine scramble was disappointing because it came out cold. We saw that it was ready to be delivered but because the chicken wasn&#39;t, it sat on the counter for like 10 mins. When it was finally delivered it was cold - imagine eating cold French Fries. I&#39;m sure the dish is better but because it was cold we did not enjoy so therefore I have to rate our experience a two star. Server was friendly but food did not meet expectation.
I&#39;ve eaten here quite a few times! Always great service and the food is amazing! The drinks are also always perfect!
Always so delicious and great. I&#39;d definitely recommend for breakfast / brunch and make sure you get a reservation because they can get really busy! I love coming here because they never let me down.
This place has over 600 reviews, so I&#39;ll keep it short. There is a reason this place is always packed. The food is good the staff is friendly. I haven&#39;t had a bad meal here. I&#39;m not a biscuit person, but their biscuits are delicious, especially with honey. Go for lunch, dinner, or brunch... it&#39;s consistently good. Go early or be prepared to wait.
Food is excellent. Service excellent. We loved Kimberly. She&#39;s vibrant and fun. She also gave me a tip to order the fried green tomatoes with grits. It was awesome. I will definitely be back and I&#39;m going to request Kimberly
This was my second time here and both times have been pretty good! Cute restaurant with a nice outside patio. We ordered the old skool breakfast bowl, spicy avocado &amp; chopped egg sandwich, the banana pudding dream French toast, &amp; a lunch combo. The portions were a good size and the food tasted good. None of us had any complaints!
Friendly staff. Great food presentation. Great atmosphere. The item that I had tried was not worth the price. Overall a pretty good restaurant.
Service was good and they have a berry drink that is really good.  The jam on the biscuits is delicous.
What a cute brunch spot!!  It looked like a pretty house in here, and the outdoor seating is beautiful as well.I had their super southern breakfast bowl, which came with some eggs, tons of goat cheese grits (yum), black-eyed peas, salsa, cheese and bacon.  It was delicious!  Oh, and I absolutely loved how we all got our own individual biscuits with jam to start off with.  Gotta love biscuits!!The only con is what a lot of other Yelpers mentioned-service is really slow!  It took a good 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered.
New menu, new chef but not for the better. Tupelo took out some of the better options on the menu for brunch. It seems that they are trying to reduce costs which was noticeable when we each got our biscuits and one tiny side of jam to split between the five of us. No knives, ketchup, or honey on the table anymore, those need to be requested separately which was hard to do since the server was busy for Sunday brunch. I normally eat my whole plate and if I don&#39;t, I will box it up to eat later. This was not the case with the Gulf Coast Lump Crab Benedict with potatoes. There was hardly any crab, the yolks of the poached eggs were hard and overcooked, the hollandaise sauce lacked flavor, the biscuit was mushy, and the potatoes burnt. My plate was basically untouched. When the server asked if I wanted a box I said no with a disgusted face. She took my full plate away and didn&#39;t offer to comp it. She never came back to check to see if our food was okay or fill up on water. I am very disappointed with Tupelo as I think it&#39;s a cool atmosphere and the food was one time pretty good.
We ordered fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese nachos off the HH menu. Our table was a fan of the nachos. I had the shrimp and grits for my entree. The dish definitely had some bold flavors. I enjoyed the shrimp, but the goat cheese in the grits was a little too overpowering for me. One of my favorite items of the night was, surprisingly, my mom&#39;s side of potato cracklins. I&#39;ve had a lot of potatoes in my lifetime, but I&#39;ve never seen them cooked quite that way before and they were delicious. Would I come again? Probably not, but it&#39;s worth trying once.
Let me just start this review by saying Tupelo Honey never disappoints. This is my second time at their Charlotte, NC location and once again, I decided to go with their Classic Benny. If you&#39;re anything like me then you love a nice runny egg with well seasoned potatoes. I&#39;m not going to lie though, my aunt got the chicken and biscuits and I kind of wished I would&#39;ve ordered that instead. Not because the Benny wasn&#39;t tasty, but because I feel like you have to have fried chicken at least once when you&#39;re down South. Next time I find myself in Charlotte, I will definitely be giving it a try. Lastly, I had their Apple-Achian mimosa and loved it. I&#39;m not a fan of mixed drinks, but this Apple cider cinnamon mimosa was good enough to order a second. Definitely recommend! I want to give a shout out to our waiter, Javaris, who was very hospitable and had us laughing every time he came to check up on us. Very sweet guy!
Biscuits - check Jam - check Hot chocolate - check Sweet potato pancakes - out of this worldBest brunch spot in Charlotte, go early for breakfast instead and skip the lines!
This place was better than expected. Sitting on the second floor of a pretty unassuming two story retail building it doesn&#39;t really stand out, but all other reviews say that this place is unusually busy during the brunch/lunch hours on weekends. I got here close to closing time on a weekday so there was no wait.I ordered the famous honey dusted bone in fried chicken and honey jalapeno lacquer roasted chicken with okra, brussel sprouts and yukon mashed potatoes. I guess when you&#39;re at a restaurant name Tupelo HONEY, better order something with honey in it! After ordering I was provided a biscuit with jam, which turned out to be so good I request another biscuit when the chicken arrived so I could make my very own Chicken Biscuit! The honey dusted fried chicken was very peculiar at first as I had never had chicken with honey, but after a while my taste buds acclimated to it and it turned out pretty decent. The fried okra and brussel sprouts was spot on comfort food and the yukon potatoes were normal.Overall I would say the food was great and the decor was nice. The honey dusted chicken is definitely a thing I would recommend to try just for the experience.
Big, causal and quick! Great for large groups like we had. We went for a graduation dinner, and our waitress gave the graduate the restaurant&#39;s cookbook, which was SO nice! They have your standard flair with a few vegetarian options like brussel sprouts and okra. I&#39;m from the northeast so happy hour all day long is just mind blowing to me! The food itself is good - nothing spectacular - but definitely things I would order again like the Brussels!
Truly delicious!! The biscuits were to DIE for and of course their homemade jelly. I almost got full from just eating that because I wanted to eat ALL the biscuits. I had the &#34;All I Avo Wanted&#34; Benedict and it definitely did not fall short on flavor. Loved it! The place is also super cute as well. The service was exceptional and you also get a cute free pint glass if you follow some directions online lol. I can&#39;t wait to come back and try the lunch! Definitely recommend this place
Eating at chain restaurants always takes a little courage because they, quite frankly, just don&#39;t do it as well. There is no pride in the food that they serve or the service that they provide. Our experience with Tupelo Honey was just that- a disappointment. I made reservations for lunch to celebrate a special birthday before heading to the airport for my flight. The parking situation is an absolute nightmare which started the sour taste in my mouth. We then checked in for our reservation and had a very confusing interaction with the hostess who seemed to imply that they were doing us a favor by honoring our reservation. The restaurant honestly wasn&#39;t completely full (despite there being many folks waiting for tables) and isn&#39;t the the point of reservation? I digress...Our meal was anything but worthy of a revisit. I had a chicken avocado sandwich- the chicken was over-fried and dried out. The avocado had a nice flavor but couldn&#39;t undo the overall &#34;Meh&#34; of the chicken. My date&#39;s chicken and biscuits felt as though you were eating the desert with how dry it all was. The egg that he added was overdone too. The complementary biscuits were fine. The blueberry compote tasted artificial and resembled a blueberry pop tart. The Bloody Mary was average- not the award winning greatness that they advertise. Also, my Diet Coke was never refilled and was $3!!!! What a sham. Our waitress was pleasant enough but barely checked on us. The menus were wet and filthy. Their bathroom is one that I hope to never step foot in again. All in all, don&#39;t waste your effort or money.
Great place to go to for brunch! I made a reservation here and it&#39;s better than the one in Raleigh in my opinion. The waiters and waitresses were nice. The seating and interior was much better and spacious. I got the &#39;Old Skool&#39; Breakfast Bowl. It was basically grits with beans, pieces of bacon and sausage, and two eggs on top. I asked for no cheese because I&#39;m lactose intolerant. After the meal, I WAS SO SO FULL. It was so good. On top of that, they give you complimentary biscuits with REAL jelly. It was great! I will definitely come back again.
I really wish Yelp has a 0 star option even 1 star for this place is to high.Slow as molasses both service and food~ Only thing good here is the biscuits. I got a avocado toast which was drenched in honey sriracha sauce. The sauce took away from everything. The bread was super hard to even remotely cut into. I gave up cutting up my bread and ate the avocado drenched in the nasty sauce. The avocado toast was served with a wilted salad not fresh at all.Southern hospitality mimosas had a hint of nectar flavor but the mimosas was flat no oomph where did the pinapple flavor go? My party did not enjoy there meals as well. The omelet had bacon which was not crispy instead it was just fatty and soggy. The chicken sandwich was mediocre. Apparently the breading ratio was more breading then chicken.  They also did tenderize the chicken which causes to cook unevenly.I ordered a side of sage sausage. The sausage was not edible. The texture was very mushy and the taste was so horrible I can&#39;t describe it baby food taste better then the sage sausage. Right in my napkin it goes.Please save your money and time go elsewhere. We were fortunate I was a yelp user we got a little bit off. 10% better then nothing. Our server name Morgan was extremely impersonal and rude. I mean seriously who as a server rolles there eyes at the customers? We got major eye roll when we asked him for a third cup for the free pint giveaway. Our party of three all signed up to receive a free pint glass. Not only did he roll his eyes he slammed the cup onto our table. The seating was infront of a running food door. Everytime a server needed to run a food for the people on the patio we got a blast of hot air slammed in our faces. I mean blocking a exit sure could be under.I hope management looks into the seating arrangements. Do better employee training for customer service. Also look into reaching out to cooperate about there menu and there lack of taste.Happy Fourth of July!
Came during brunch, and luckily we had a reservation - I heard the hostess tell someone the wait was about an hour and 15 minutes at one point. Everything sounded delicious, but I went with the old skool breakfast bowl. It was so many different flavors all in one bite and it was delicious. It was also super filling. Definitely some good comfort food. Service was great, reasonable prices, and they also randomly had some nice R&amp;B playing subtly in the background. Would come again next time I&#39;m in town.
I loved this place the first time I visited. The second time not so impressed. Food was ok and they were quite busy since it was a weekend and totally failed on giving a good customer service. The ladies at the counter were rude, no manners on greeting the customers, didn&#39;t apologize for making us wait more than the quoted waiting period. And also we didn&#39;t even get a server until about 10 mins after we were seated. I understand hectic busy hours but it&#39;s never an excuse to fail a good customer service.
Tasty food, great service, easy reservation process, can&#39;t ask for more! Kris anticipated our needs, gave suggestions, and tied together a great Sunday brunch. Sweet potato pancakes were my favorite part! While potato cracklins I think could&#39;ve been more consistently prepped. Gotta come back soon
Nice outdoor seating area. Fast service. We ordered  their Shoo mercy griddle and avocado egg Betty. They let us swap white meat for dark meat in the shop mercy griddle,which is nice. The fried chicken is very tasty. Hot and tender inside with crispy and nicely seasoned outer shell. Would come back again just for some more chicken! The rest of the food is good but definitely with the high light of the chicken.
I love the convenience of the location- it&#39;s right off the light rail and there&#39;s parking on site. There&#39;s also a few bars, tattoo shop, and other spots in the same area. I came here for brunch on a Saturday early afternoon and recommend making a reservation because it definitely gets crowded. Even with a reservation, we still had a 5-10 minute wait. As far as the food, typical American brunch foods. I love the sweet potato pancakes and grits and love that they have soy sausage for us plant based eaters. My homegirl and I sat near the kitchen view so it was pretty quiet and intimate for girl talk- love that set up! Their cocktails are delicious from what I&#39;ve tried as well! Will return :)
I was excited to come here and try their shrimp and grits but I was very disappointed. The dish was bland and looking back on other people&#39;s photos it seems that the reason why is that they didn&#39;t add the sauce on top. I don&#39;t know how something like this was allowed out of the kitchen. I came in between lunch and dinner so it was not very busy so it was completely overlooked for no reason. Sadly will not be returning
My boyfriend and I had made reservations to come in and have a nice dinner date on the patio. Our reservation was at 7:30 and there were signs posted that they will be closing at 8pm for painting. We were sat down and our waiter told us that the bar and kitchen closes in 10 minutes. Our date was extremely rushed and made us not enjoy our time there.I asked if there were drink specials and the waiter said &#34;no not really everything is just normal&#34; I ordered a cocktail and was rushed to order house wine (on a Wednesday). I received my bill and my cocktail was half off only $5 and a glass of HOUSE wine on a Wednesday was $9. I would&#39;ve happily ordered another cocktail if this was waiter would have done his job.I was uninformed of any nightly specials. What upsets me the most is that I had a reservation and my phone number. why couldn&#39;t management call me to let me know? I would&#39;ve changed our date night.
Tupelo honey was highly recommended in Charlotte after googling top breakfast restaurants. After our flight, my husband and I came straight here for breakfast. We ordered the chicken and biscuit and schoo merry pancakes. The sweet potato pancakes were delicious along with their fried chicken. The fried chicken is not overly salty, but seasoned just right. Customer service was on point, the waitress checked on us frequently to make sure we were enjoying our food. Your meal comes with biscuit, jelly and honey. Overall, a good find for southern breakfast. Ample amount of parking too!
Came here for brunch with my family and it was amazing! Food was on point. The server Cole was great with service and very attentive. Saw they have a Arlington Va location so i will def be checking this place out again!
We just stopped by this restaurant the other day and we had a great experience all together, the food was on point and fresh, loved the brussel sprouts and they have this delicious blueberry jam that goes really well with the biscuits.Our server Jacob was very professional and friendly, he explained everything in detail since it was our first time, the food came right out at the perfect time.The pulled pork grilled cheese was delish! We will def go back soon! And so far the best Bloody Mary I&#39;ve had in a long time
My friend and I wanted to stop and get brunch before we headed back to Greensboro. I looked on yelp because the place also had to be pet friendly being that I had my dog with me. This restaurant popped up and I&#39;m so glad we came here. Also when we got there, we assumed it was popular because it was a lot of people coming in and out and it was a hour wait for 2 people. We were fine with it and went across the street to Dunkin until they were ready to text us to be seated. I ordered fried chicken (dark meat) with a side of French toast. The chicken was so crispy and juicy! And y&#39;all, the French toast, omg, delicious. I hate when French toast taste doughy or undercooked and this place cooked the French toast wonderfully. We sat outside and my dog, Hershey, was chillin on his bed. They have dog bowls for water to give to the dogs, which is nice. Will definitely come back.
The brunch here was amazing! I have eaten here twice. Its in a perfect location with LOTS of parking. I had the avocado toast and eggs. It was beautifully presented and DELICIOUS The service was also amazing. I was very pleased and will return again for sure.
The food was fair.  The service was lacking. No refills of water and waiting a long time to get the water.  Plus having to wait for change....  annoying. And the coffee was awful!
Well we went last Sunday for the first time after wanting to try for awhile, had reservation knowing it was a holiday weekend it would be difficult to get in. Once at our table by the kitchen I was cool with that thinking our food would be served to us hot well it wasn&#39;t since it was so busy  and didn&#39;t want to wait so  we ate the lukewarm food. Our pancakes had NO butter who serves pancakes without butter.......When I called after the busy weekend we just got a voicemail box for the manager at the time of typing this review still NO callback.......
One of the best southern comfort food restaurant I&#39;ve been to!First time in Charlotte and my friend recommends this place after hearing great reviews, so we decide to give it a try.To start off, they give you some free biscuits to munch on.  (Tip: ask for honey to dip it in, it will change your experience eating them!).We got the Buttermilk Fried Chicken (Tip: get a side of the crispy Brussels sprouts and dip it with their homemade ranch dressing--it&#39;s amazing), Shrimp and Grits and the baked Mac n Cheese.  Everything was delicious!Service was good--came here during lunch on a Friday, it wasn&#39;t too packed so we got a table right away.  (There is a small patio for tables outside for those who like outdoor seating.)Not sure when I&#39;ll have a chance to come back and visit Charlotte, but I would definitely come back here for their food!
It is a restaurant with nice patio seatings on a 2nd floor. It was a little chilly so we were seated inside though. Ordered Shoo Mercy Sweet Potato Pancakes and fried green tomatoes. The pancakes come with one piece of fried chicken, apple cider bacon, two eggs. It is a pretty big portion for one person. (Maybe that&#39;s why it is a bit pricier than other dishes) We shared and ordered one appetizer. The buttermilk chicken was very crispy! The sweet potato pancake is good not not a wow taste to me. Grits that came with fried green tomatoes was good and sauce on the top added great flavor on it. Our server was very nice and the food was good.
Located on the second floor of a brick complex off South Blvd, the location looks onto a parking lot. The owners did a good job though of making the outdoor seating feel like you were on a balcony in Charleston or even New Orleans. You can either take the stairs to the restaurant or use the generously sized elevator. Service was fine. I was greeted in a timely manner and given water in the average time. The kitchen though took forever on getting my food out. It took over 40 mins to get my order at which point I had to take my food to go.I ordered the catfish with sides of Brussel sprouts and collard greens. Both of my sides were not to my liking, the collard greens were supposed to have pork but I couldn&#39;t taste any and instead the greens were just bitter. The Brussel sprouts were better but I&#39;ve certainly had better. Come to think of it, the ones I&#39;ve roasted are even better... The catfish looked like there would be lots of flavor to it but it ended up falling flat in taste.I could see myself going back to try something different in hopes I find something I like. I&#39;d give them the chance because despite the long wait on my food the place had a good vibe and the service was pleasant.
Very disappointing. Showed up on a Sunday at 6:30. No host / hostess at front. Waited and waited. Finally seated and then waited a lot more. Asked for a couple of tap beers, to find out there was no tap. Ordered food and waited a whole lot more. Finally the food came and the chicken was a dry heaping mess. Place was pretty empty so they couldn&#39;t blame it on overcrowding. The rest of the families food was very average and a bit pricey for service and quality. Was looking forward to finally getting to this place, and was severely let down. I felt like we got there at closing and got the leftover scraps of the day, the only exception was instead of being rushed out, we had to wait a long time to get pretty marginal food
Seems like too much hype or they were having an off day. Came for brunch, waited about 45 min, which is a long wait, but c&#39;mon it&#39;s brunch! And if the food is going to be spectacular, I&#39;m willing to WAIT!  Sadly, we were disappointed. Bland. The food was bland, meh. The service was bland. I like to point out to our waiter/waitress when it&#39;s our first visit. I love it when the staff is excited to show off the menu. Another disappointment. Willing to give it another go, but will give it time.
I want to love this chain but honestly it&#39;s just okay. The best thing on their menu is the biscuits and jam.
Came here on a Thursday night for restaurant week. Loved the trout and my friend loved her fried chicken mean. The cheesecake is definitely a got a good flavor. Didn&#39;t like the Brussels sprouts too much, thought it was burnt. Definitely will come back to try something different. A lot of character in the restaurant, it was cute
Great place for an amazing brunch! I had the pick your own platter and my sister had the shoo mercy pancakes! I was so impressed with those!! The topping was a piece of FRIED CHICKEN!!! I can say we WILL be going back! Our greeter Sydina was so helpful with my family (especially with a little one) and offered to sit us in a quieter section! It&#39;s worth the wait guys!
Very good! Had the pork, you will not be disappointed.  All the appetizers were amazing especially the crispy Brussels!!
Updating my review from 3 to 4 stars after being here a couple times now. Yes, it&#39;s true that the food may take awhile here, but I have not experienced the biscuit shortage again that I described in the below. Yes, the servers may take a little bit longer to come visit you but that&#39;s because this place is so popular they are slammed on the weekends! Yes, it&#39;s true you will wait a long time to be seated on the weekends if you don&#39;t make reservations. Additionally, I now only come here if I make reservations and it makes a world of a difference, so thank you Tupelo for taking them!Finally, I was recently impressed when I took my sister here for her birthday for brunch and they let her pick out any dessert she wanted for free! The banana pudding was outstanding! Overall, this is now my go-to brunch spot in Charlotte whenever I have visitors in town. Just don&#39;t forget to make a reservation and you will love the Tupelo Honey Cafe!  -------3 stars for service and price, 4 stars for food and decor. Allow me to elaborate...Pros: -Yummy breakfast with a southern spin. Every entree comes with a complimentary homemade biscuit with jam &#34;prior&#34; to your meal. (This was not my experience, see below) -Free parking for guests, located in a mini shopping center. -If seated at bar, snow/ice is wrapped around on bar to keep your drink cold (see picture). Cool idea! Cons: -Slow service. Don&#39;t come here on a Sunday when you need to have a quick breakfast. I specifically asked if I needed to order toast with my meal (not included, an extra $1) since I ordered over easy eggs, and I was assured &#34;No, since a biscuit will come prior to your meal.&#34; This was wrong. I waited 10 minutes after my meal came for this biscuit,  before I could even eat my eggs, which by then was cold.-Wait will most likely be 30 minutes to sit on a Sunday unless you grab a seat at the bar. Expect longer for a big party.-Coffee is $3 and their large soup-like mugs make the coffee go cold pretty quickly unless you drink it fast. And when you do drink it fast, don&#39;t expect it to get refilled fast. I had to ask for refills 4x. Not once did my waitress offer to refill my coffee.
I visit this place on Monday for a birthday brunch.. Nice day to sit out in their beautiful patio area.. The hostess seated us right away!! Jayme our waitress was on point and get us. She brought water with lemons while we decide on how many things we will order since we&#39;re starving. To start, my sister order a mimosa and I ordered the Thai basil mojito. Then the small plate shrimp tacos. Later sissy order the steak and eggs. I opted for the shoo shrimp and grits! My sister loves the mimosa! But my mojito just taste like a lot of Bacardi and not much of a mojito!! I didn&#39;t say much. Because I wanted a mojito for the bday. I enjoyed the little of the steak. I didn&#39;t care too much for the shrimp and grits.. I guess to much it&#39;s a little busy.. All the taste get all jumble up.. Maybe I&#39;ll give it another try next time.. And as far as our waitress. Little adorable thing ever.. She&#39;s tentative. She made our day!!
We wanted the local Southern flavor before jetting back to San Diego, and boy, are we happy we came here! They greet you with a warm homemade biscuit and homemade jam while you&#39;re waiting....the environment is loud but not too loud where you&#39;re yelling at each other across the table.    The food was beyond our expectations especially when there is so much Yelp hype and you don&#39;t really know your way around the city.    We ordered the Southern style burger and the mac and cheese as a side....I only wish I had been hungrier so I could have my own entree!    The wait seems long but they have really comfy couches so you&#39;re not standing all the time and the table turning rate really is incredible.    I can&#39;t wait to visit again!
I just don&#39;t get the hype or the long brunch wait time.  Why is everybody clamoring to eat here?  I have a lifelong love affair with brunch and to top it with outdoor patio dining is dropping a cherry on my brunch sundae.  But both times that I&#39;ve been to Tupelo have left me wishing that I had that egg McMuffin, breakfast burrito and Krispy Kreme glazed donut (my on the fly, tried-and-true backup weekend sweet and savory breakfast) instead.  Tupelo gets 2.5 stars but I&#39;m rounding down because I&#39;m literally stunned by the 4-star rating for: (1) fabulous ambience (4.5 stars); (2) long wait time (2 stars); (3) better than average service (3.5 stars); and (4) REALLY heavy, greasy, bland food (2 stars)._____Fabulous ambience.  Tupelo feels like how I would imagine it would be to visit a Southern aunt or grandmother who baked pies, fried everything that you could imagine, and when she wasn&#39;t baking, she was making quilts; it&#39;s rustic and meant to feel welcoming and cozy.  The patio is enclosed and tucked away behind some mature trees to facilitate your immersion into its Southern charm.  _____Dreadful wait time.  You can&#39;t book a reservation on Open Table until 12:30 and let&#39;s be honest, by then that&#39;s not brunch, that&#39;s just plain old lunch.  It is noteworthy to mention that they can&#39;t serve alcohol until noon, on the dot.  To their credit, the wait does move along pretty quickly and they overestimate the wait time so that you&#39;re pleasantly surprised when your name gets called ahead of schedule._____Better than average service.  Our server was upbeat, super friendly and attentive.  However, his recommendations weren&#39;t very good (see below); when we asked for extra mustard (our chicken BLT was very bland), it didn&#39;t come until AFTER our meal was almost over; and when we told him that the best thing we had on the menu was our pineapple tiki drink, as he cleared away our nearly full plates after we declined to go boxes, he didn&#39;t give the 5-star Yelp spiel that we overheard him giving to all the other patrons (in fact, he didn&#39;t mention Yelp at all) and didn&#39;t really do anything or offer any conciliatory gesture or at least communicate our discontent to a manager.______REALLY heavy, greasy, bland food.  Tupelo is southern cooking with an unexpected twist but its delivery leaves you wanting more flavor, less charring.  I&#39;ve been twice and both times I was wishing I had that egg McMuffin or Krispy Kreme donut instead.  I&#39;ve had:GOOD:++++++pineapple tiki drink: It&#39;s $23 and meant for 2 and pretty heavy on the alcohol.  It&#39;s delicious and refreshing but wish they would have given me the pineapple that was cored out to enjoy.++++++Bloody Mary: the vodka pour is pretty heavy handed; this is a hearty drink and very flavorful.++++++complimentary biscuits:  the biscuits are served warm with raspberry jam and honey.  They&#39;re sweet and fluffy, especially with the jam and honey but I wouldn&#39;t say they are better than Red Lobster&#39;s biscuits.MEH:--------fried chicken BLT.  The chicken was dry yet greasy and bland but overall, the dish was edible.--------beet salad.  The sweet, tangy dressing, cheese and candied nuts are a nice touch to the salad.--------signature salad.  Wish there were more apples because the greens are a little bitter; the sweet vinaigrette goes nicely with the tartness of the apples.  The croutons are made of corn bread so they&#39;re a little sweet. --------Eggs Betty.  The hollandaise sauce was pretty bland but is better after salt is added.--------shrimp and grits. Tried this because it&#39;s a signature southern dish but it was underwhelming and bland.  The shrimp was chewy and rubbery; the sauce was spicy but otherwise not very flavorful.AVOID:--------Appalachian shrimp: the shrimps are supposed to be infused in sweet, semi spicy chili sauce dressed on corn soufflé.  Everything tasted charred and the corn soufflé was just soggy corn bread.--------okra.  The okra was charred and very greasy.  The buttermilk dipping sauce isn&#39;t as salty and flavorful as Ranch dressing, which would have tasted better.--------Brussel sprouts.  Charred, super dry, bland and very greasy.--------mac and cheese.  Dry and not cheesy at all.  Overall, every time I have been here, I am remorseful for the money I spend eating here (which is usually around $65 for 2 people, before 20% gratuity) because I could have my egg McMuffin and Krispy Kreme for less than $10.  I don&#39;t mind shelling out that amount if the experience is better than McDonald&#39;s and Krispy Kreme, but sadly, it is not.
We had a party of 20-something for brunch on a Sunday which I was like oh geez the service is going to suck but man was I wrong! We had very helpful and attentive servers. I ended up going with the $23 prixe fixe brunch menu which you get your choice of unlimited coffee or tea, small plate, and a larger plate. I ended up going for the fried green tomatoes and the Sockeye Salmon. I hastily made my decision because I didn&#39;t want to be THAT person the server waits on. I looked back at the menu and looked at what I had ordered and both plates had goat cheese incorporated into the grits. EW I hate goat cheese. Oh when I received my plates I took a bite of the grits and oh wow I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Also everyone needs to get over the menu change. Everyone in our party LOVED the food.
Eggs Betty is always a win win in my book. Carrie took amazing care of me and management was sure to stop by and check in on my experience.
I&#39;ve heard a lot of mixed things about this place.  I was excited to try this place out for myself to see.I came on a Sunday with friends.  Luckily my friend made reservations so we were seated fairly quickly.  I ordered a mimosa, which was just a regular mimosa...no frills or anything.  I ordered the wicked chicken biscuit sandwich (minus the egg), and was torn on two sides so I got the corn jalapeño hush puppies and goat cheese grits.  I generally don&#39;t care for grits, and I&#39;m not sure why I ordered them, but I will say there were the best grits I&#39;ve ever had!  The sandwich was just fine, and the hush puppies were fine as well.  As others have mentioned, the service could have been better.  It did take us a good 30-40 minutes to get our food, and it was frustrating to see other people around us who were seated much later get their food first.  I am a bit curious to see how their regular lunch and dinner menu is.  I am sure I will be back to try.
I went here this weekend with my parents and there was a 10 minute wait to eat outside. About 20 minutes later the hostess tried to seat us inside. It was another five minutes before we were seated outside. The waitress came over and took our order. It took 10 minutes just to get our biscuits. My mother got the trout, my father got the vegetable and I got the nutty chicken. The chicken was a little bland and my mother said the trout was seasoned well but over cooked. Overall, everything was okay but the wait for service was very long. We wouldn&#39;t have minded the wait but they said it would only be 10 minutes.
Excellent brunch menu and William was gave us great service. Would definitely recommend.
Where to begin....Well our first mistake was going there without a reservation. MAKE ONE! Lol but we stayed the 45 min wait and it was worth it. We had and INCREDIBLE server, Jonathan, who made us feel right at home. He was so friendly and went above and beyond to make our experience wonderful (my mother has an allergy to certain things and right away he knew exactly what was okay for her and what wasn&#39;t.) Having 2 young children and an allergy at a table, you&#39;d think we would be a burden, but Jonathan was so friendly and fun. We really enjoyed the service. So let&#39;s talk food... everything was incredible. We had the goat cheese and the okra for an appetizer (and of course their biscuits are life), ALL amazing! Our kids enjoyed the macaroni and cheese, potatoes, and the corn soufflé(outstanding)I had the super breakfast bowl (perfect), my husband had the wicked chicken sandwich and my mother had the scarlet beet salad. Everything again, was just outstanding and we can&#39;t wait to come back. Oh yea! The cocktails we insanely delicious as well. 2 thumbs up we will be back! Thanks again Jonathan!!!
Hah!  Like Giannabrie, I too kinda drink the THC Kool Aid and have been salivating for the restaurant to open since the Charlotte location annoucement was made a few months ago.  Let&#39;s just say if you&#39;re a fan of the Asheville location, this location IS different, but won&#39;t disappoint.  The food is very similar, and I believe consistent to what you find at the original.  (Pillowy biscuits and blueberry jam packed with whole fruit...those famous sweet potato pancakes the size of your head with crunchy pecans...oh yeah!) What won me over were the servers and bar staff who knew exactly what each menu item included and weren&#39;t afraid to make recommendations. The staff is very friendly and even with a packed house on two occasions, we still felt attended to, and our needs met.  (Once, I was on a time crunch of an hour, and despite a completely full bar area, our server made sure our food came out quickly, and our bill taken care off within that 60 minute window.) Note:  No reservations taken under I believe it is 6 or 8 people.  Their first week they also didn&#39;t accept phone carry-out orders...you had to go in and order in person, and wait at the restaurant.  That was a bit irritating.Note 2: Parking can be tricky during peak hours, (Liberty is in the same plaza, along with other businesses) so plan accordingly. Bottom Line:  If you&#39;re a fan of the other locations...and enjoy their style of Southern cuisine, put this on your list.  It&#39;s a great go-to for Breakfast, lunch or dinner. I also think it&#39;s a good place to take out-of-town guests for a real taste of the Carolinas.
Tupelo Honey has a very cozy feel, I really loved how it was decorated and gave it a good ambiance. I received great service and noticed how attentive my waitresses were. When I sat down I was given a biscuit that was SO GOOD. It comes with a berry spread that truly was the cherry on top. It was so delicious I had to ask for another one!!! I ordered the fried chicken with white meat and a side of Mac n cheese. Everything was good but not blow my mind good. If I came back, I would probably order something else as the fried chicken wasn&#39;t very flavorful and was kind of dry. I expected a little more out of the fried chicken but overall had a positive experience!
We showed up at two different locations, at two different times in Phoenix with out a reservation, and both times there was an hour and a half wait to get a table. So, we called and made reservations  for a third visit, and when we showed up, we were informed that our table wouldn&#39;t be available for thirty plus minutes. Why bother taking/making reservations then? I can honestly say that I will pass going here in the future.
First time to Culinary Dropout, and it did not disappoint. I orders the Korean Style Ribeye Cap - it was well worth the splurge! Flavorful, a bit spicy, and fully delicious. I also tasted the Thai Chile Chicken wings, which had a great flavor (I wish they sold the coleslaw on them as a side in and of itself). The service was great (although less attentive as the night got busier). Great live music and atmosphere! A memorable meal and evening.
Really cool environment and great ambience. A little loud and the service is a little slow but the food is amazing!
Came here for a friends birthday.... This place is pretty cool... Pricey but cool.I just love the set up and the food was delicious!We were stationed in the middle area in between the main dining room and the area where they amhad ping pong and corn holes. There was a big group of us in the couches and chairs.That night was freezing and the outside heaters kept us warm... I just wish they had a bigger area to eat out food because our table had a bonfire type thing in the middle and my fave felt like it was melting when I was eating my food lol.I got the chicken sandwich and it was sooooo good! I was very happy with it... And my friend got the ravioli... She let me try some of it and I wanna go back and order some for myself! The PaB buger was delicious too!I was very happy with the food and the atmosphere...plus our server was very good at keeping track of all our orders throughout the night :)Can&#39;t wait to go back!
While visiting Arizona, my friends told me that we HAD to go to Culinary Dropout. Two steps into the restaurant and I understood why - this place is gorgeous!We don&#39;t see ever see this huge of restaurants in the Bay Area due to space restrictions. Culinary Dropout was really big and airy with a variety of seating spread throughout (bar, regular tables, table tops, etc.) Didn&#39;t feel claustrophobic at all, but rather, very relaxed![FOOD]~ Korean-style Brussels Sprouts: Perfection. Crispy with a delicious spicy/sweet flavor. I would eat this every damn day if I could.~ Pretzels &amp; Fondue: My friends ordered this and let me try one. Don&#39;t think I could ask for pretzels to be cooked any better. The cheese wasn&#39;t as amazing (tasted a smidge like &#34;fake&#34; cheese), but that still didn&#39;t stop me from drowning my entire pretzel into the sauce.~ Mussels: Great flavor, but very sandy which was a bit of an annoyance while eating.~ Beer in a bag: For around $2, you get a surprise can of beer that is not on the menu. Such a cute and cheeky idea, so of course I had to give it a whirl. Ended up getting a random beer that I&#39;ve never seen before, and by no means was it amazing - but hey, it was a nice way to wash down my pretzels and an overall fun idea.[SERVICE]: Our server was super friendly and definitely added to our enjoyable experience. The only minor comment I have to make is that our table ordered 2 portions of the Pretzels &amp; Fondue. Only one came out first while the second took another 5-10 minutes. It was awkward considering these orders were not meant to be shared with the entire table, but to the specific people that ordered them. Not sure why they couldn&#39;t have just waited to bring the first one out at the same time as the second one.All in all, I loved Culinary Dropout. From the wonderful ambiance, to the quirky menu and food - I&#39;m sold!
This place is pretty good but it&#39;s a little over priced for the food that you get. The concept of this restaurant is awesome and has the best service (probably the main reason I gave it 4 stars). The location is a prime location if you want to eat here and walk around old town later. Basically, go here if you want to be served by cool people but not really get the bang for your buck. It&#39;s definitely a cute date restaurant - great Moscow Mules!
Ohhhhh my gosh. We said we wanted a food adventure, and we definitely got one at Culinary Dropout.During our visit to Phoenix, a friend took us to Culinary Dropout, and I was immediately entranced by its hipster vibe. Inspirational quotes at the entrance, open space seating, brick walls, and super chill workers. There&#39;s also a huge bar area in the middle, a separate banquet-like room for private events, and a stage. We were also starving -- we had flown in early that morning and didn&#39;t have a proper lunch -- so, in our hungered craze, were a bit over-ambitious in ordering.We also did not expect portions to be effing. huge. HUGE.We started with the soft pretzels and provolone fondue. The pretzel buns are so deliciously soft and warm, and the fondue is the perfect match for it. I swear, I probably could have eaten the entire order and been perfectly happy. But we stopped ourselves from devouring all of the buns so that we could save room for our entrees. (Fun tip: the pretzel buns are actually still pretty good the next day! Just pop them into the microwave for a few seconds. So don&#39;t feel guilty about packing up a box to-go.)The boyfriend and I split the fried chicken and 36-hour pork ribs. They were nice enough to split the order onto separate plates so we didn&#39;t have to deal with cutting everything up and trading plates. But dang. When they brought the plates out, each half order was more than enough to fill what we thought would have been a normal-sized order. The fried chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, and the ribs were tender and fall-off-the-bone good. Needless to say, we were so stuffed and couldn&#39;t finish everything. We managed to happily roll ourselves out and fall into a deep food coma. Soooo gooood.
This was my first time here and the place was excellent. It was a 35 min wait for a table but bar seating is a great option and we got seated quickly. The wait staff was very attentive and the menu selection is a great mix of bar food and some others. Didn&#39;t get a chance to try any of the meat or cheese plates but will definitely have to next time. We had the Korean style Brussel Sprouts, deviled eggs, chips, honey fried chicken and the ribeye cap. I expected honey on the side for the fried chicken but it was still good and the cap was fantastic. The entrance is not on the street side but on the railroad side and a little confusing so just watch out!
Culinary Dropout is without a doubt one of the coolest vibes in Tempe whether you&#39;re looking for a quick lunch bite during the week or a larger group outing in the evening. I love the decor, the service, the menu breadth, and the prices; but when it comes down to the food I think they fall into the &#39;jack of all trades master of none trap&#39;. Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Again with this much real estate it&#39;s near impossible to trump the atmosphere at Culinary Dropout, and the responsive staff keep up with what can be some serious lunch time volumes. Our party of five was tended to wonderfully and the food came out quick once ordered even during a mobbed Friday lunch hour. Star. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?$13.00 for a medium to large sized sandwich is a bit steep in Tempe, but it wasn&#39;t unreasonable given what were some solid ingredients and a generous portion of fries. Star. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?I had sky high expectations for my Turkey Pastrami sandwich, I mean, they went so far as to star is on the menu! Maybe it was these expectations that robbed the sandwich of a home run, but I simply didn&#39;t think that this was a dish that I couldn&#39;t pretty easily replicate after a quick visit to the grocery store.I was expecting fresh juicy house made turkey pastrami, but whether or not that was the case, it came across as just the standard Boar&#39;s Head Cracked Pepper Turkey that you can find anywhere. From there, the pretzel bun didn&#39;t impress as much as I thought it would, the the slaw was standard. A good sandwich no doubt, but not a gamechanger in my view. Single Star. Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I like Culinary Dropout, but I&#39;m not sure I could find a dish on the broad menu that couldn&#39;t be trumped elsewhere in town. No Star.
August is the best bartender I&#39;ve ever been served by. Attentive, accommodating, and helpful - - everything you could want! Thank you for a lovely experience, August!
Had the pleasure of coming to this venue for a company anniversary party over the weekend. We were in a private room and was set away from the crowds of the Halloween weekend. I remember peeking through when this was a blank space, but it was set up nicely for the company function. The night started off with a little happy hour. It was great that there was a private bar within this space and there were 2 bartenders taking care of the party. There was probably 150-175 attendees and the bartenders were on top of their game. Throughout the night, I didn&#39;t have to wait long to refresh my drink. When we sat down at our tables, there was a short speech about how far the company has come. I sat at one of the very last tables and although they had speakers set up throughout the floor, it was hard to hear. I&#39;m not sure if it was the speakers or the space of the room? Anyways, our dinner was set up buffet style. There was one long table set up with all the food options and we were able to get through from both sides. My dinner plate consisted of the chopped salad (so yummy that I went up for an extra plate after I finished my dinner), kale salad, 36 hour pork ribs (pretty tender), fried chicken (crispy with a little sweetness), mashed potatoes &amp; gravy (salty), green beans and pumpkin cheesecake (I don&#39;t like cheesecake much but I ate the whole piece). For a buffet, I thought dinner was pretty good. Food was plentiful and even after everyone went through the line, the food items were re-filled. We finished the night outside in the private courtyard and played a game of cornhole. This was a nice venue for a smaller, intimate group with great amenities!
I love the open feel of this restaurant.   The service and food is always great.   I always order a cocktail, pretzel bread with cheese and salad.  This time we ordered ton of appetizers before ordering our meals and some items were a hit over others.   Love coming here with co-workers and friends.  I do wish  the food and drinks are the consistent.   I feel like once we stop ordering drinks, the staff is always in a rush to get you out.
Came here for a work party over christmas, really great space for parties. The only issue i think would be the parking. We tried to have our rehearsal dinner here, but decided it would be too difficult for our guests to find parking, and the cost of the food was more than our wedding!
I really enjoyed yhis chef driven pub. If I was attending ASU this is where you&#39;d find me for lunch.I had their double cheese burger. Killer bun and the meat was perfectly cooked. I opted for the side salad with the house made ranch. Best ranch dressing I&#39;ve ever had. Full disclosure I don&#39;t normally order ranch since I prefer olive oil and vinegar on my fresh veggies.My lunch guests had the bowl if chili and seared Ahi salad. They were both impressed.The decor is modern warehouse with the kitchen wrapped in glass. If I worked here is feel like I&#39;m in a fish bowl. Super cool soot. Take your kid here when you are visiting the school
It looks super fun, don&#39;t get me wrong. And the food is good, don&#39;t get me wrong there either. And the service was actually quite good, so definitely don&#39;t get me wrong there. But seriously, I came here while on the Whole30 diet and went through the menu tediously before hand to see that I could eat something at this restaurant before coming. I ordered the steak and potatoes and NO WHERE on the menu does it mention cheese. No where. Additionally, when I asked the guy at the bar to please provide me with new potatoes because I am dairy free, he brought me back HALF of the potatoes that were on my plate in the first place. Really, HALF?! Maybe I&#39;ll come back when I don&#39;t have eating restrictions, but if you have any, don&#39;t come here.
Great space! PROSValetOn OpentableGreat ServicePretzel fondue - the best app on teh menu and we always get it for the table to sharePierogies - crispy and with brussel sprouts as wellEveryone else seemed to enjoy their burgers/salads/drinksCONSHH - ENDS @ 5PM, that part does not make sense to mePrice of the food is a little high for the portion
It makes me so happy that Phoenix has so many great food choices.  My husband, daughter and I landed at Culinary Dropout for dinner Friday night.  I wasn&#39;t that hungry so I ordered the Chili Thai Chicken Wing appetizer as my entree.  It was quite delicious with a nice balance of heat and sweet.  I was missing just a bit of garlic but that&#39;s it.  The slaw that accompanied the wings was also tasty.  My husband ordered the Bistro steak with potatoes and said it was outstanding.  The potatoes were cooked perfectly.  My daughter gave two thumbs up to the Fish &amp; Chips.  Our dinner was topped off with Monkey Bread and Caramel Popcorn (two separate dishes).  Excellent all around.  Oh, and the live music was excellent too.  I would recommend and return to Culinary Dropout.
The soft pretzel and provolone cheese fondue is a must get appetizer. Good size, plenty of pretzels for a group of 4. The cheese isn&#39;t too sharp or harsh, great complement to the pretzels. The pretzels are almost like rolls, tender and satisfying. Drink: Deviant Behavior. Fruity and not syrupy sweet, can&#39;t taste the alcohol at all, I could easily drink this too fast. They give you the rest of the can of beer... which is great but I wish they would refill the strawberry and lemon too. I got the prime rib dip sandwich and wasn&#39;t thrilled. Good roll, tender meat, but not exciting. Just meat, bread and cheese, good basic sandwich. My sister in law got the fried chicken, I wish I got that. It was crispy and juicy and the honey was a good touch. Great place for groups but very loud, you&#39;ll have to shout to hear each other.
I usually recommend this place to a lot of people whenever they are visiting and gush over the trendy atmosphere, the unique fruity cocktails and savory pretzels with fondue...However I am so over coming here because they keep overcharging the amount I was supposed to pay, AND THIS HAS HAPPENED TO ME TWICE.Yes, the servers are all very engaging friendly and draw you in so much so, however they lack attention to detail when making the transactions for the payment... The first time they messed up my payment  they charged me twice over the amount I was supposed to pay, and only purchased a beer. I reported it and they did admit that they charged me over which I understood since they were really busy that night and may have swiped my card for the wrong order. Eventually they did credit the amount. It was fine the first time, and I had let it go, My recent experience three days ago went well so I thought, I ordered the dinner for 2 because of the restaurant week deal that was going on. My server Franky/Franklin was super friendly convinced me that it was a good deal since I were to get an appetizer, 2 main courses, a desert split amongst 2 people for $44. The bill came out to $70 with my friend also getting a few cocktails, so we split it and with tip my receipt is about $40. Next day my card was charged for $66, and mind you I am a poor college student amongst many others l and was shocked on why on I was charged over the amount. I called about it to dispute it and the person on the phone lacked no empathy whatsoever, no apology, nothing sincere just said &#34;oh well it looks like we actually don&#39;t have your card in the system.&#34; She wrote down all my information said she would pass it along the manager, and that they would call me by the end of the night. Manager called me pretty late in the night apologizing which I appreciated but still couldn&#39;t find the transaction of my card on file. I explained to her that that I understood that people make mistakes however the night was slow, there should have been no mistake on swiping the right card for the right amount... So bottom line: Ensure that the servers know when to stop being too friendly and talkative because they can eventually get so distracted in the conversations, that they might forget which card is whose and charge you the wrong amount. AND I emphasize they have to pay attention to detail. Also try to have a sense of empathy when I am trying to explain nicely that what you guys did was wrong and admit your mistake. So yes is the food good to die for, is this a place where you want to show off your ping pong skills to the cutie across the room, and enjoy the hipster ambience of other college kids? Yes. But if you&#39;re a struggling person in college  who can&#39;t always afford treating yourself like me, where $20 is life or death sometimes in your bank account, beware because who knows they may try to rip you off and charge more than what you owe.
Yes, the reviews are accurate. This place is <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbomb.com&amp;s=bb4f996415a9c2f21137e27cfb68f439a48cec2652b53e9b50dd7e766dbe177e" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">bomb.com</a>. The pretzel fondue appetizer is a must. Perfectly cooked pretzel balls with a beery-cheesy dip. I went for the fried chicken plate. It was soooooo good. They have fun games in the back area of the seating. There were 100 children playing here, so I think if you have kids it&#39;s a good place for them to be entertained. This place is huge.
Walked in around 7:30 p.m. to about a 30 minute wait for 2. No biggie since we were still kind of full from a late lunch. Really loved the ambience and overall vibe of this place. We live in the Bay Area and have never been to a restaurant quite like this- it&#39;s HUGE. Kind of warehouse like but trendy with rustic chic touches. I wish I had taken more photos.Not sure if it was the excitement of being away for a couple of days without our kids or what but I really dug this spot. There was live music- the singer was AMAZING and covered some great songs, I wish I had caught her name, I&#39;m pretty sure she&#39;s going to make it BIG and soon! Culinary Dropout is the perfect date night. Now on to the food. Since we were still full from our late afternoon lunch, my husband and I ordered two simple salads ($6) and split the Fried Chicken ($17) The fried chicken came with a honey drizzled buttermilk biscuit and mashed potatoes. Our server who was adorable by the way, was so sweet and split the meal up on 2 plates, which was thoughtful, I love that kind of thing when it comes to great service. We ordered dessert and decided on the Monkey Bread à la mode ($10) This was made to order, it took a really long time to come out, but we hadn&#39;t  noticed since we were enjoying the music so much. Our server came out to let us know they burnt our dessert and were making another one. Again, didn&#39;t mind and continued on watching that incredible singer preform. The Monkey Bread was hot out of the oven and it was good, but I would definitely try something else next time.Our server, without prompting, took it upon himself to take the dessert off our check which was really kind and he was super apologetic. I inappropriately asked him how old he was in hopes of (jokingly) setting him up with my daughter, much to my husband&#39;s embarrassment- yeah, I guess I&#39;m turning into that mom, but alas, he turned out to be too old. Lol If there&#39;s one thing I wasn&#39;t impressed by it would have to be the cocktails or maybe I just ordered the wrong one- a Coors Light ($5) for the Mister and I ordered the Soiled Dove. ($12) Now if you&#39;ve been to the CD you know the bar is legit and tended to by a bunch of Hipsters with big beards and giant mustaches. The Soiled Dove was listed under &#34;Two Handed Shandies&#34; and described as Añejo Tequila, blackberry, dragonfruit syrup and black raven grapefruit soda. Sounded pretty fancy to me- what I got was a glass of pink concoction with some muddled blackberries, a fancy blackberry flourish and a small can of Jose Cuervo sparkling Paloma on the side. Which is basically a $2 can of cheapness. Not cool. At first, I was thinking- well maybe it was that mixed in with all the other stuff listed but no, once I refilled my glass it tasted exactly like what was in the can. I guess to be sort of fair they used 2 cans so it was a $4 drink, we paid ($12) for. I do not recommend this cocktail. Lol Anyhow, so that was disappointing but the rest of the evening was so magical hanging out with my Main Squeeze- without kids, listening to an incredible singer and no worries that it didn&#39;t dampen our experience. * 4 stars for the crappy cocktail rounded to 5 stars for the ambience, live music and great service.
5 stars for great food and even better vibes! We had a private room booked for around 80-90 people, and the staff really took care of us well. Everything was clean, tidy, and well-organized and the staff were incredibly attentive. My glass didn&#39;t run dry the entire night. We had a pre-fixed three course menu set out for us, and the food was delicious. We were served cheesy bread, avocado salad, fried chicken, sweet corn pasta, and apple pie with ice cream. They are incredibly accommodating of different dietary needs, including vegan and gluten free. I presume the other regular menu offerings are also great and would love to come back here for some more bites and drinks! What&#39;s cool about this spot is that at the back there&#39;s a cool &#34;barn-esque area called The Yard, with ping pong and some other games. It gets humid back there in the summer though, but it&#39;s a great time and will be even better in the winter! Whether you&#39;re coming for a date, office gathering, or fun get together, this place is great for small and large groups of all ages!
Toured ASU this morning and had lunch after at Culinary Dropout based on yelp reviews (we are from Michigan). Very fun, hip atmosphere. Food was good. I had the Ahi Tuna Tartare which was good and unique-- also a generous portion. My daughter and mother both had the Crispy Shrimp Caesar Salad that my daughter said was excellent. We had the Monkey Bread desert which had the a very creamy vanilla ice cream with it. Service was exceptional!
I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken.Visually, the dish looked nice and the chicken looked crispy. The biscuit was crispy and sweat and the mashed potatoes and coslaw provided a nice tangy contrast to the sweet flavors. The chicken was nice and tender coated in a crispy crust, however my only complaint is that the chicken crust did not stick on well and came off easily. Overall, a great place with a  great food  experience.
This place is pretty busy every time when I stop by. The parking is always full but valet parking is a great option too. It is a trendy place &amp; loud talking. They have a really reasonable price on the menu with good foods.
This place is lit every time I come in here. The atmosphere is great and the food is good so far. It&#39;s somewhat fancy, somewhat chill and better than your neighborhood bar and grill.The food is more expensive though so if you are willing to pay for a trendy night out, then this is it. I had the pork belly nachos and it was super filling! It was HUGE! And the pork belly and chips and all of the ingredients tasted really good. It was about $13 which was one of the cheaper items on the menu if you don&#39;t count the small starters.Oh yeah, two hour waits. Hmmm... well there is free parking in downtown Tempe which is rare!
What I love most about this place is that they separate 21+ from those college kids who are still sagging their pants or wearing bro tanks. just kidding....kind of.Anyway, I LOVE the atmosphere here wherever you sit. Indoors is a little fancier, and you&#39;ll wait for a seat while outside is first come first serve. The few times I have been, there has been live music inside, which is a nice touch. As a tip, the tables towards the middle are of the outside patio are cooler than those on the outside. There are corn hole boards, ping pong tables, couches, and comfortable seating outside where it truly feels like a backyard party. Food: Overall, the menu is a little lackluster for me. There are few options, and the portions are small for the price, but it is still tasty. The food is good, but the dessert is better. This is where their menu truly shines. I promise you, you won&#39;t regret ANY of those three lovely desserts.Drinks: Ok, so a glass of their cheapest wine is the price of a bottle of wine, so I would avoid ordering wine unless you want to show off. Their mixed drink menu is where you should focus your attention. They have a variety of &#34;mules&#34; that you should get. All of them. In one sitting. Then call a lyft because no drinking and driving, friends.Anyway, this is definitely a fun, interactive bar that can accommodate many different types of personalities.
Oh my God this food is amazing.  Great atmosphere and staff. Pork belly nachos, onion dip, pretzels and cheese, French dip and meatloaf taste so good it makes you want to smack your mama. My new favorite spot.
5-stars for cool ambiance, 3-stars for undercooked chicken wings. We had a work dinner at Culinary Dropout which included a myriad of shared dishes and cocktails. I had my heart set on chicken wings which were unfortunately not cooked correctly. Kitchen mishaps happen, but of all the chicken joints in the world... why did it have to happen to mine? Other than the chicken wings dinner overall was a pleasant experience with the pretzel bites and cheese being my favorite dish! Will give it another try on my next visit to Phoenix!
I don&#39;t know about you, but there&#39;s something about stale airplane air that makes me ravenous...so naturally, the first stop after landing in very hot Arizona was a place to eat.  Truth be told, I was intrigued by the name of this place, but was even more impressed by the ambience and definitely the food.  The space was huge and can be overwhelming, so we headed to the bar where full service and immediate access to cocktails await us.  To beat the heat, we immediately ordered a couple of refreshing cocktails and was completely satisfied by the pomegranate yuzu mule --- refreshing!  But what really did it for me was the &#34;after school special&#34; -  a concoction made with raspberry tea infused tequila, homemade ginger agave, lime, and modelo especial.  The menu did not disappoint either.  We started with the prosciutto deviled eggs (delish), and the completely addicting cheddar cracklins!  My entree choice may appear to be plain but I can assure you there was nothing basic about the shrimp kale caesar salad that I completely inhaled, and my cannot-be-impressed husband said that the turkey pastrami sandwich was served on the best pretzel bread he&#39;d ever had - [mic drop]!  We loved it so much that we returned for brunch on our last day in AZ but at Phoenix location.  There are several locations in the area but you never forget your first love so it will have to be Tempe for me :)
Writing this review is making me want to go eat there again. right now. I&#39;ve been meaning to try Culinary Dropout since it opened in 2014 since it&#39;s always been only a mile away. I FINALLY got to try it and I&#39;m so glad I went. My favorite thing about CD is the interior. From the outside, it looks like a shed with empty spaces, which is honestly what I was expecting. I was blown away the minute I walked in because I was surprised with a long low-lit hallway (I know it sounds sketchy) which led into the great dining area. The light fixtures hanging from the top were so so nice, and the red couches, and the curtains, and the game area, the high ceiling, the bar...I could go on and on. The music was great, some songs I had never heard of before and some that I have. The games area and the patio were closed off for a private event so we didn&#39;t get to see it. The next best thing is the food. My friend and I were a little worried about what we would eat because I was always told by peers that CD is expensive. However, it was apparently Happy Hour when we got there. We ordered the Grilled Cheese Sliders, BBQ Pork Belly Nachos, Thai Chile Chicken Wings, and Fresh Hand-cut Fries--listed in the order I liked them the best. The sliders were the absolute best!  The perfect amount of crisp and softness and the cheese oh my gosh. The nachos plate was HUGE and the pork was cooked to perfection with amazing flavor. My mouth is currently watering. The wings were tangy but not overly, with a little spice. The meat was soft and the pieces were big. I did have one problem though-on two of my pieces the meat inside was a under cooked--it was really really pink/almost red (hence the lack of one star). The fresh were soft and just right with the salt. The sliders, nachos, and fries were from the happy hour menu which I definitely encourage taking advantage of.  We went around 3 pm on a Tuesday and it was relatively quiet and not full. It is a little on the pricier side compared to other restaurants on campus, but rightfully so because of the type of place it is. It looked like they would be able to accommodate numerous groups due to the large space. Our server, Ash, was fantastic! All the other servers and the hostess were really friendly and helpful. I look forward to coming back here again when I&#39;m starving as I had a lot of leftovers because of the size of the dishes! TLDR; Fabulous place for yourself, groups, dates, casual/business lunches/dinners etc. Yummy food in great quantities. Happy Hour. Amazing servers. Pretty lights.
Great as pub, but not so much as restaurant, especially at Friday night. One hour for us to find a high table(first come first serve), then half an hour later I received SMS from host tell me a normal table is ready...Very energetic place in a big warehouse, loud music, young college kids, can&#39;t complain about that. But I am not too impress with the food. Soft Pretzels with Fondue tastes reasonable good, though a little too plain. Fried chicken is pretty good, juicy and tasty, though still not something that can be rated as outstanding. I understand it&#39;s a place more for atmosphere, so definitely not a bad choice in Tempe, but the food is not worth the waiting time anyway.It would be better if you want to have a party and play here of course.
You cannot go wrong with a Fox Concepts restaurant. At least this has been my experience so far. I met a client here for lunch. The location is HUGE, lots of meeting space and lots of seating.Side note: when I walked in a guy was looking for his credit cards he lost the night before, he said he had &#34;too much fun&#34; there the night before...lol. I hope he found them.Anyhow...you can make a reservation here and probably should. It does get busy. I had the salmon - amazing. My client had the meatlof - loved it. We shared the pretzel bites with cheese. OH EHM GEE. I wish I lived in Arizona so I could eat those more often. Those plus apple cider beer would just be heaven.Ok maybe it&#39;s good I don&#39;t live in Arizona so I can&#39;t eat those all the time. Probably not good for the gut...In any case, this place is a gem. Definitely check it out. It will suit all food preferences and your foodie friends too.
Loved the ambience, service, and food. Cocktails were strong, steak was medium rare.  The patio outside has ping pong tables and trendy outdoor couches.The antipasti is a la carte, so you decide what&#39;s on that delicious cheese plate.The only critique is that it is a very open space, so it&#39;s relatively loud in there. Perfect for a socialite like myself, but I probably won&#39;t take my dad there.
Great place for large groups! The place is spacious and clean with multiple options to entertain yourself and have fun. The food is good, although in my personal experience it has been very &#34;hit and miss&#34;. Although to be fair, I tend to be a little picky about my food.
I had my eye on the new Culinary Dropout location ever since I knew it was opening in The Yard... I love love love the entire concept and the venue space... There is a lot of parking and there is even complimentary valet... We went on a Tuesday evening and were able to get a table upon walking in... The hostess was extremely nice and friendly... She asked us if we had been to the/a Culinary Dropout and we said they we had been to the one in Scottsdale... Our server Chris was very attentive and great with recommendations... The Fried Chicken was really good and it didn&#39;t take as long as I thought it would... It also came with mashed potatoes and a veggie that I can&#39;t remember, but it was super filling and yummy... I had a moscow mule and although the pricing was a little steep for a small &#34;clear&#34; glass, it was made to perfection... I agree with other people and I think that $10 for a pretty small, &#34;not copper&#34; glass is a bit much, so hopefully something changes there, but I did enjoy the drink and can&#39;t wait to try the other mixes. As full as I was at the end of my meal, I wanted to try one of the desserts (they all sound amazing) and so we went with the Bourbon Black Bottom Pie. The pie was super good and completed the entire meal, I had to roll out of the joint... On our way out, we walked through the &#34;play area&#34; where there is cornhole and ping pong... I like the couch areas with the little fire places, great for &#34;cold&#34; nights... I can&#39;t wait for the summer to roll around because you know that area will be crazy busy, but crazy fun... Oh and there is an outside-ish bar on the North side which has Happy Hour, all the time...
I dig Culinary Dropout. From the decor, to the food offerings, to the casual, trendy vibe. To the music selections, to the ping pong tables outside and the misters that help during hot Phoenix summers.What separates Culinary Dropout for me from the other places in Tempe is the way the restaurant carries itself in attitude. No one is trying to upsell you stuff that you don&#39;t want, and it&#39;s just a chill place to be. No obscene drunks, and no stupid bar fights you might see nearby on Mill Ave.Word of warning to prospective customers; this place is LOUD. When coming here, make sure you&#39;re okay with this, they sometimes have live music here which makes it even louder and can make conversation difficult especially if you&#39;re on a date. Some favorite menu items of mine:&#34;Ma, the Meatloaf!&#34; - Classic meatloaf with mashed potatoes and green beans. The green beans are not the crappy kind from the can. Meatloaf is packed full of flavor yet makes you feel just the right amount of full.&#34;Korean Style Ribeye Cap&#34; - This dish has hints of Asian Korean flavoring; it is a consort of ribeye steak and assorted veggies. Really good, would get it again.&#34;Bistro Steak&#34; - See how I&#39;ve only been ordering red meats here? The bistro steak paired with the fries is really good, whatever they use to flavor the steak is out of this world, some combination of a strong herb and a cream base.As far as drinks go, I haven&#39;t had a bad drink here, but word to the wise, when I get moscow mules here, it&#39;s not served in a copper mug. Still, not a bad drink.Would and have returned.No need to talk about service; it is good.
My first impression of Culinary Dropout is how much style and creativity went into the restaurant itself.  Albeit a little hard to find at first (it&#39;s tucked away near the train tracks west of Mill Ave), this place has one of the most beautiful, laid-back interiors I&#39;ve seen in awhile.  In what looks to be a warehouse that was seriously remodeled, they have enough space to fit a stage for live bands, a full alcohol bar, and a plethora of seats and tables.  Speaking of live bands, they have live bands playing on the weekends, even during lunch hours!  The music was at a perfect volume: loud enough to enjoy, but quiet enough to be able to hold a conversation at your table.  Very, very nice touch of entertainment to an already good-vibes kinda place.My friend and I both ordered the Fried Chicken, which they are supposed to be well-known for.  Even as a Texan of 1.5 years now, I have to say, this fried chicken did NOT disappoint!  You get about three pieces of fried chicken (a drumstick, a breast, and a leg), cole slaw, a buttery biscuit, and some mashed potatoes &amp; gravy.  All 4 were seriously on point and complemented each other perfectly.  The cole slaw in particular was quite the heavenly surprise.  Some of the white meat in my chicken leg was a little bit dry, but it was otherwise extremely and superbly well done.Unfortunately, I did not try any of the beverages or appetizers on the menu, but it&#39;s just one of many more reasons to come back.  Four and a half stars in my book, and will probably see star #5 after my next visit.  If you&#39;re anywhere in the Phoenix Area, this place is a must visit.
This is my favorite place to go with friends!  The Yard, linked in with Culinary Dropout is an offers plenty of entertainment, (ping pong, shuffle board and corn hole) making it an ideal place to socialize and talk smack!   Culinary Dropout&#39;s food is always delicious!  Watch out though!  The serving size is humongous!!! Ladies, I strongly suggest sharing a plate if you are not a hardy eater!!! Their Soft Pretzel with Provolone Fondue was absolutely AMAZING!!!!  I have a hard time just eating one.    I absolutely love their House Smoked Salmon and their Beer Battered Fish &amp; Chips were wonderful!  Hubby had their Meatloaf.  Of course, I had to try it out too.  And yes, as always, this dish was excellent!!!  I totally recommend this place, especially if you are meeting with other people!
They have great happy hour deals for food and drinks especially the pretzels and cheese and the sangrias! Plenty of seating indoors. Really fun, hip atmosphere for all ages. Backyard games, like cornhole, to play outside with fans and misters, but it was still too hot for me to even want to outside, so I didn&#39;t really check it out. I only looked from the window. The only qualm I have is the small parking lot. They do have complimentary valet.
The location of this place makes it even more appealing. So convenient to walk to to enjoy excellent food, good drinks, exciting atmosphere and outdoor games/live music!
My favorite place to bring out of town guests. Great food, relaxed but polished atmosphere, and great service. Best appetizers are the black mussels and the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. Make reservations for larger parties or on a busy Friday/Saturday night.
I&#39;ve been to Culinary Dropout throughout the valley but this was my second time at this location. If I have one thing to say right off the bat is that the ambiance here is a 5/5. I like &#34;the yard&#39;s&#34; vibe a lot. The restaurant itself is open, clean, and &#34;hip&#34; for lack of a better term. The outdoor area was awesome. I didn&#39;t quite expect the ping pong tables nor the games of cornhole going on and it seemed to definitely liven up the mood. Maybe it&#39;s because I&#39;m in my late twenties, but it seemed like a good mixture of customers ranging from college students to older folks who wanted to eat some brunch. I came here with my girlfriend as well as her dad today, and needless to say we enjoyed ourselves a lot. I find the menu to be just enough to make most guests fairly happy. If I had one qualm here it would be that the music was too loud. I initially thought it was because I was in the outdoor area, but it was the same as I walked through the inside to leave once finishing. We were almost yelling at each other across the table and we had to lean in to chat, but it wasn&#39;t a deal breaker.Onto the F and B... I really enjoy the cocktails there. I&#39;m typically a beer guy, but I definitely always resort to at least one glassed drink whenever I&#39;m here. The matador is a must have, and the old fashioned is what I expect an old fashioned to be. No frills. For food we started with the black mussels (you can definitely taste the beer) and the shrimp caesar salad. For our entrees we got the 36 hour pork ribs, fish and chips, as well as the fried chicken. The ribs were what you think 36 hours of prep would be like. They fell cleanly off the bone and had just the right amount of sweetness. The fish in the fish and chips had a light crispy batter and the tartar sauce was great. My only complaint came from the fried chicken dish. It wasn&#39;t the fried chicken (the chicken is bomb and worth the wait as stated in the menu). The sides didn&#39;t live up to the chicken&#39;s standards. The biscuits had a great crust but ultimately were too dry. I know some people would argue that biscuits always dry your mouth out, but I found myself chugging water just to get onto the next bite. Onto the mashed potatoes. I never had their potatoes here, but simply put it was too salty. It may have just been today so I&#39;m giving them the benefit of the doubt. However, just like the loud music definitely not a deal breaker. I won&#39;t go into service too deeply, but let&#39;s just say my water cup level never fell below half (they were very attentive), and the prices aren&#39;t too bad.Overall I would recommend Culinary Dropout to most people, and I do.
I made a reservation by phone for party of eleven two days before the date. And the day I went to this place and told the hostess that I have a reservation, and she told me that they have another group come later so we only have two hours. I didn&#39;t say anything to her back, but they didn&#39;t tell me that we only have two hours when I made a reservation. So I know I shouldn&#39;t care about that. I don&#39;t remember how long we were there, and they didn&#39;t kick us out.Our server was great. My husband complained that our Crunchy Shrimp Caesar Salad had blue cheese crumbs are in it. And he took it off from our check, and he told my husband that he just wants us to have a great experience tonight.We told them that we have 5 kids in our party when I made a reservation, but they didn&#39;t give us kid&#39;s menu until we asked our server to bring it.I love their pretzel ball,  beef stew was not exciting, Fish &amp; Chips was okay. And their kid&#39;s menu size is big, kind of shocked lolVery noisy, hard to find a parking spot. Fun place to hanging with friends.
I had a pretty awful dining experience here last week, but I came back after Haley (the manager) reached out to me. She was kind, honest, and it was nice to see that she really values genuine customer feedback and cares about continuously training her employees. Came back with a different group of friends, none of which have been here before. We all had a good time! It was right after a work day on an early Tuesday evening. I had the grilled chicken club with bacon and a side of fries and it was delicious! The group also had the BBQ pork nachos and cheese fondue with pretzels as appetizers and those were to die for. The service this time was superb. Even though it was pretty busy for a Tuesday night, he checked in with us frequently.This was a completely different experience compared to the first one, and I&#39;m so happy I gave CD another chance. I know every place has room for improvement, and I think they are in good hands with Haley proactively seeking ways to do so.
Soft Pretzels &amp; Provolone Fondue. JUST DO IT!!! Seriously the best thing on their menu. Total foodgasm.Went out on a double date Saturday night. Pro tip: make a reservation. I absolutely LOVE the decor, ambiance, vibes, and music in this place. Definitely a place with heart and soul. I dig it.Service: We arrived late (sorry!) and were still seated rather promptly. Staff and service and great. Shoutout to our awesome server who&#39;s from Napa, CA. The dude was wearing a green t-shirt...but so was everyone else on St. Pattys Day :P He was top-notch. I&#39;d give 5 stars for service. He was friendly and really attentive. Drinks refills were appreciated.  APPETIZERS:   - Soft Pretzels &amp; Provolone Fondue: giant soft pretzel bites that have the perfect amount of sea salt and flavor perfect for dipping into your cheese fondue pot. A bajillion times YAAAAAS! Super filling you&#39;ll feel fat &amp; happy.- Hot Wings: Culinary Dropout, you shouldn&#39;t include &#34;Hot&#34; in the title if you can&#39;t bring the heat. We both know they can be hotter! They&#39;re good, just not hot.DRINKS:Y&#39;all don&#39;t mess around here! Definitely worth a shot.ENTREES:I was bummed to find out you ran out of grilled steak tacos :&#39;(- Meatloaf served with mashed potatoes and green beans: good stuff, especially if you are a meatloaf lover- Tuna and chicken salads are both VERY GENEROUS portion sizes. Honestly not sure I necessary liked the taste and flavors of them, but there&#39;s a lot to eat if you do (-1/2 star)- Steak: nicely cooked, fabulous plating and presentation. Too bad it was served cold (-1/2 star)DESSERT: - Monkey Bread: Sooooo good! I wish I had left more room in my belly to enjoy and finish all of it by myself!
This is a very cool place! The food was outstanding. I highly recommend the ribs. We also had a fabulous waitress. We will definitely be back!
Thanks Brian (the manager) for taking care of us after our experience. Speaks volumes.  The decor is really dope. However this is the worst customer service. We have been sitting here for 15 minutes and no one has taken our order, after we waited 45 minutes to be seated. WOW THAT WAS THE RUDEST WAITRESS EVERRRRRR
Great food&amp;amazing ambiance and decor at Culinary Dropout!If I lived in Scottsdale this would be a place I&#39;d frequent all the time. If you go here, the pretzel bites with cheese sauce is a MUST! I also got the fried chicken entree as my meal and loved it! We went on a Thursday night and beat the crowd a bit by getting there around 6:00, it got busy around 7 which is when the live music began. You don&#39;t always get a cool, trendy spot that actually has delicious food so this place is a gem.
Only fun friends allowed! This is where you go if you want to share creative dishes for brunch or late night shenanigans, have drinks, play games, or just watch sports. Culinary Dropout is at the forefront of the next wave of American restaurants, that cross between summer backyard bbq, drinking games with your friends, mixed in with a sports bar and maybe even a live band on some nights. Kinda hard to describe it, other than to say they have it all!There&#39;s indoor seating and covered outdoor seating. There&#39;s a mural of Amy Winehouse, Freddie Mercury and Johnny Cash done up in Mr. Brainwash style. Ping pong tables, corn hole, foosball, shuffleboard. Drinks:Hijinx &amp; Rye ($11 - Bulleit Rye, Blackberry, Jaime Torres Valencia Orange, Allspice Spritz) - Good if you like your rye with some berry fruitness. A good balance of sweet and fruity but not too too sweet and fruity. Grub:House Potato Chips w/ Onion Dip ($6) - Loved the housemade potato chips, they were the perfect thickness for dipping, lightly salted. The onion dip was a little on the creamier side. It would have been perfect if it had a little more onion kick. Cap&#39;n Crunch Crusted French Toast (Cereal Milk Custard, Fresh Blackberry) - Tasted great but it had the potential to be so much more. They ground up the Cap&#39;n Crunch to powder form and then dip and coat the bread in it. It tasted like Cap&#39;n Crunch but I think it could have been more bangin&#39; if they sprinkled some Cap&#39;n Crunch pieces on the top or if they imbedded some in the side of the bread before throwing it on the grill. If they didn&#39;t tell you it was Cap&#39;n Crunch, you would not have been able to tell by just looking at it. It&#39;s dusted with powdered sugar and you get a few blackberries and syrup. Fried Chicken ($16 - Honey Drizzle Buttermilk Biscuit, Coleslaw, Mashed Potatoes and Gravy) - Wow! The fried chicken here is all that!!! Well seasoned, light, flaky crust with juicy chicken on the inside. Cooked perfectly! They give you three large pieces (breast, drumstick, thigh) and I could barely finish it all. The biscuit was good also, the honey drizzle is more subtle than in your face sweet, but a nice touch vs. your standard biscuit. Coleslaw was alright, mashed potatoes were alright. Get this dish either for yourself or to share!What do I need to try next time? The Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue and the Grilled Cheese Sliders. They also have burgers, salads, mussels, oysters, charcuterie, cheese, ribs, fish &amp; chips, monkey bread, sweet caramel custard and breakfast on the weekends along with other items. I went to the Tempe location so that crowd skews a little younger being nearby ASU. The location is huge.I really enjoyed the vibe here. If you&#39;re looking for food and fun at moderate prices, you&#39;ll need to check out one of their locations!
Yes, they have a great happy hour... but it ends at 5pm so that makes it a bit impractical. Which is a real shame because their food and drinks are pretty overpriced. However their specialty cocktails are delicious and they have a great beer selection. On top of that there is plenty of free parking (pretty rare in downtown Tempe) and they even have a valet when they&#39;re busy. I&#39;ve also been here for lunch a few times and have fallen in love with the seared tuna wasabi salad.
One of the managers... with a super sweet beard lol refused to change one of the TVs ( to US men&#39;s ice hockey) in the corner making up some excuse that there have been people all day watching the figure skating... I turned around and NO ONE was watching it of course but instead of admitting it, he insulted me and called me &#39;salty&#39; haha pretty immature but if that&#39;s how you treat a group of 5 you don&#39;t deserve our service... had a great meal at the Lodge and the service was great!
While it is trying really hard to be more hip than it actually is, it&#39;s just okay. The food is decent &amp; the staff is great. It&#39;s just the same as what I can get everywhere else but overpriced.
We ended up here for a business dinner, in one of the private rooms. This place was JUMPING. A very young crowd, I&#39;m sure due to its proximity to the ASU campus. We were served house made chips and pretzel bites as appetizers, and both were excellent.  For our entrées we had the option of meatloaf, fried chicken and some type of fish. I had the fried chicken, it was 3 bone in pieces, white and dark meat. It came with a biscuit, mashed potatoes and coleslaw. It was decent. My husband had the meatloaf with green beans and mashed potatoes. The meatloaf was average, he&#39;s not into ketchup smeared on top, and then they put the green beans in the ketchup in top of the meatloaf.  For dessert they brought banana cream pie, and a s&#39;mores pot de creme type thing. The s&#39;mores was pretty tasty!  I&#39;d have loved to have had a real meal here, but I&#39;d bookmarked it before our trip and was glad to get to try it!
Possibly my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix/Tempe area.Yelpers, Culinary Dropout is the food adventure you&#39;ve been waiting for.The portions here are massive, and so is the venue. I think they may have converted an old warehouse at one point into this culinary haven. They have a MASSIVE indoor space with dozens of tables, and a huge bar. But it gets better...that space is DOUBLED with their outdoor space that has a roof, fans with misters, and so much more seats everywhere! But enough about this gorgeous space, let&#39;s talk about the food. This is delicious, flavorful new American cuisine with a southern flair and massive portions. If you&#39;re here with at least three other friends, I would recommend at least the pretzel buns with fondue. It&#39;s delicious but they&#39;re massive buns and fill you up pretty quickly. (You&#39;ve been warned!)I split the 36-hour rib and an order of the fried chicken with my girlfriend. Our waitress was kind enough to make each a half order and put them on multiple plates for us. Definitely didn&#39;t expect that, but it&#39;s always nice when it happens!Let&#39;s talk about the ribs. They were amazing. Juicy, succulent -- they just fell from the bones. Packed with flavor from the seasoning and rub they use. I still dream about the ribs sometimes.The fried chicken was pretty delicious as well, but it definitely didn&#39;t compare to the ribs.If you&#39;re here with just one other person, I would suggest an appetizer (like the pretzel buns) and then just share the ribs. Maybe get a couple of drinks too, but that&#39;s all you need.Seriously, I need to come back and try their entire menu.It definitely also looks like they have space/rooms that could be used as rentals for big groups. Would definitely recommend this location to anyone.
First off, walking into the restaurant I was so shocked at how gorgeous it was. The large lights, the stage for a mic night, a grassy area for games, and chandeliers and large beautiful lights hanging from the ceiling. The bathrooms have really nice sinks and bathroom doors (strange i know but you gotta go there and see for yourself lOL)Ok I was kinda salty that they dont give you straws when serving you water.... o.o i spilled everywhere like a little kid lol (mayb its just me but i like straws ok). The servers wear casual clothes which has its down and up sides to it. It gives the restaurant a more casual and laid back feel but at the same time I dont know who&#39;s a worker and who&#39;s a customer because everyones dressed in their own clothes...I ordered the 36-Hour Pork Ribs and the House Smoked Salmon. The Pork ribs were 25$ which is a bit pricey for how a majority of the ribs is ribs and barely any meat.. but i mean its ribs but still. lol. it came with fries and it was way too salty ):The House smoked salmon waS boOoOoMBBBB. Bread, egg, salmon, sour cream, tomato altogether was just kjsalkjsdfhlkjsd so good. I enjoyed this dish very much. no regrets. I would definitely come back to try the other items on the menu!
Had a great dining experience during happy hour at the Culinary Dropout the other afternoon. Food was great and the service was amazing as well. We tried the watermelon sangria they have right now and it was amazing and very fresh. I got the meatloaf sandwich with no cheese and it was very tasty. My fried got the Smoked Salmon Bruschetta which she really enjoyed as well. We shared the chips and dip as well as the monkey bread for dessert and we were very satisfied! This was my first time at this location and I was very impressed. Will definitely be back!
Loved this place. Good beer choices and incredable food. I was never a fish and chips person &#39;till I got them here. Yes, they sometimes get packed but I&#39;ll deal with it to get their awesome food.
I really appreciated the staff today! I was looking for a kid friendly restaurant where my son, my mom, and I were able to eat and celebrate my graduation. I made a reservation online 15 minutes before we arrived. My son is rambunctious and as a single mother, it&#39;s definitely hard to get a meal in sometimes. The staff was so kind to my son. When they asked us how our meal was they even got down to my sons level and asked him how his food was too (he&#39;s 16 months old and can&#39;t talk but it was still sweet!) He spilled water all over the table and they immediately came over to help out. My som threw his spoon on the ground and without me asking, someone brought a new one over. On the way out, a waitress stopped to talk to him. If I could give this restaurant 6 stars I would. Thanks for making my day!
Amazingly good. Fun spin on food. Great cocktails. A truly unique and awesome dining experience. Next time I want to try the pretzel bite fondue. It looks amazing!
Had the Italian chop salad and it was delicious.  Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  Would definitely go back.
I heard that this was a great place and wanted to check it out for my birthday. The security is very strict in the evenings. I had just moved to Arizona so I had a temporary paper license and my old license with a little hole in it (that&#39;s what they do at the DMV). When I presented my old  license, the security guard was very stern and would not accept it and told me to come back with the paper version of it which I left in my car a mile away. (Even tho I&#39;m way past 21). I get it, it&#39;s a college town, there are liability issues, but the guy was so unfriendly, I left on the first occasion, not wanting to do a 2 mile trek to return.I came back for lunch to give it another shot for football Sunday. My friend and I ordered a cheese fondue which I found to be rather mediocre. The cheese resting in a mini cauldron sits on top of a little candle. The cheese hardened within minutes. However, the salads are decent as well as the monkey bread. There are also a multitude of TVs so you can catch whatever team you&#39;re rooting for. Great spot to watch sports. The outside leads to The Yard so you can play all sorts of games like corn hole, ping pong, take pics at the photo booth, or just hang out.
Great place to hang with friends and grab a drink.  The food is good too, not the best, but who cares when you are having fun!
Came here for dinner date on a Friday.We got seated fairly quickly, and got servers drinks quickly. We ordered the salmon bruschetta with fried chicken entree. The salmon bruschetta was really good, and the friend chicken was on point.I would definitely come back again.
Great place to meet up with friends or take someone out on a date. From daytime to night time there is always something to do like ping pong, cornhole, or watch live entertainment on the listed days. Staff are always nice and make you feel comfortable like a homey type of feeling. And the food is always delicious and never disappointing.
Great freshly made drinks and an awesome happy hour beers on tap for days service can be slow and make sure to asked for double ketchup they tend to be stingy love music and complementary valet $$ prince range but staff is fun (and good looking) easy going crowed of all ages games such as ping pig corn hole darts as well as an outside  bar my staple go to   Personal favorites are the grilled cheese sliders pretzel fondue and the cheddar perogies a great snack are the Brussels sprouts check this place out
I love that Sam Fox has opened another Yard...this time in Tempe and on the light rail!  It is such a great concept, but it sure does get crowded!  We stopped in one night with friends and enjoyed some drinks, dinner and a lot of ping pong...what a blast!  The kitchen completely messed up our order, but rebounded quickly and made it right.  I would give this place 5 stars if it didn&#39;t get so crowded all of the time.
Culinary Dropout has created a very unique experience with beautiful interior layout expansive ceilings in-game area.Unfortunately the quality of their food and service is very sub average. Most of their dishes tend to be loaded with high amounts of oil and fat which shows the attention has been taken away from health and high-quality ingredients.I would give this a 4 or 5 because the environment and Vibe is extremely fun and well suited for families after-work outings or even dates.
We decided to give this place a try after the Iron Man race at Tempe Beach Park.  It looks like it is in a warehouse...and is awesome inside.We ordered the preztel bites (seemed like every table did as well), pork belly nachos (mmm, i appreciate the use of nacho cheese), fried chicken and ramen (pleasantly surprised with how good this was...and i&#39;m asian!)The food came out really fast, the servers were nice and on top of it (drink refills came before i even noticed!) and the food was great.I will definitely return the next time i am in town...and might even play some games.
***This Culinary Dropout has a great look (it takes up residence in a modern warehouse) and the flavors were there too; unfortunately, the food on hot courses was lukewarm to cold, which hurt the overall experience***There is a string of Culinary Dropout restaurants throughout the Phoenix area. This gastropub features a variety of classic dishes like meatloaf, fish and chips, fried chicken, and more. The preparations are contemporary, but they are also fairly straight-up and safe. A few more globally inspired dishes like Korean style beef and ramen also appear on the menu. I started with the soft pretzel bites with provolone cheese fondue. This was fairly good though there is a gastropub at the Wigwam serving a superior version. The preparation at Culinary Dropout is satisfying enough with a good pretzel crust on the bites and a creamy cheese fondue, but the pretzel bites were quite big (which results in a lot of bread that diminishes the impact of the salted pretzel crust) and the cheese fondue was not hot enough (in terms of temperature and not spiciness). For my entree, I had the Korean style ribeye cap and the quality of beef was very noticeable. With ribeye cap, you get the interior of a ribeye but a more distinct exterior like hanger steak. This allows the kitchen to achieve a far superior and more crispy crust than a regular ribeye and that is exactly what happened here. The interior was juicy, tender and flavorful while the outside had a nice crispy char. The Korean marinade, thankfully, was not too spicy and thus did not overpower the natural flavor of the steak. The garnishes were also cooked appropriately as the onions, mushrooms, zucchini, and bean sprouts were sautéed to the right texture. Unfortunately, everything on the plate was lukewarm to even slightly cold. This plate definitely sat a little too long on the pass. Service was very friendly and the food came out at a quick pace. However, both lukewarm to cold food for both starter and entree was worrisome. Prices were reasonable though prices for food in the Phoenix area tend to be more reasonable than other big city restaurants. This Culinary Dropout has a great look. It is located in a big and new looking warehouse complex that houses several upscale and modern restaurants. The industrial look combined with the variety of seating and even lawn style games creates a lively and energetic atmosphere. Unfortunately, I felt the restaurant was slightly uncomfortable as the seating was a tad stiff and the room temperature was too warm (which was surprising; I thought the room would have been more drafty than warm given its warehouse location). This Culinary Dropout near ASU has a great look and the menu serves fairly good food. However, the lukewarm and cold food worries me that guests may have a truly poor experience here from time to time. If you live in the area, this gastropub is worth trying considering the food quality and reasonable prices though I would suggest giving them a shot at a non-peak time. This restaurant has a free parking lot. Complimentary valet is also available.
This place is great, spacious, nice staff, good food.The beef jerky was delicious, as was the deviled eggs which are the best I&#39;ve ever had. The Gorgonzola salad was delicious but skimped majorly on Gorgonzola and I think smoked almonds are gross. The Marcona almonds were standard. The monkey bread was good just not as buttery as in the Midwest.
Good food, great service, and an awesome atmosphere!  This place is a must for anyone visiting and looking for a good place to socialize, eat, and drink.
It just goes to show that you don&#39;t need a formal culinary education to cook beautifully. Culinary Dropout hits all the right notes with its delicious food. Take great ingredients, interesting compositions, and beautiful presentation and you have CDO. The place can be quite boisterous as it gets later on in the day. Sit at the bar if you&#39;re dining alone and have a few beers or some wine. There&#39;s local Arizona beer as well as canned beers in paper bags. Don&#39;t miss the charcuterie. It&#39;s only $5 for a healthy one-ounce serving of any of these meats. It&#39;s sliced paper thin, almost transparent, leaving the flavor no space to hide. Prosciutto is classic. A supplement of $8 is what it&#39;ll cost you for the Jamon Iberico, a truly special kind of meat that comes from special, acorn-fed Spanish black Iberian hogs that will leave you hungry for more. Rarely do I see it offered at restaurants but when I do, I always order it. You should too, as their slicing technique is perfect and the meat is perfectly salty and flavorful.I also ordered the special (very limited) Korean style ribeye-cap. Ribeye cap is the fattier end piece of ribeye that is normally discarded after grilling or broiling a whole ribeye steak, but the kitchen does wonders with it, recognizing with a keen eye that we should not treat it as a second-class cut of meat. Instead, they marinate it in soy, ginger, garlic, spicy Korean paste (gochujang), and other aromatics, grill it until nicely charred on the outside and medium rare on the inside, and serve it dressed with sliced zucchini, bean sprouts, beech mushrooms, onions, cilantro, raw garlic, and more of the soy dressing. The raw garlic is amazing, providing a zip and delivering a respectful nod towards authentic Korean BBQ.&#34;Yesterday&#39;s soup&#34; also caught my eye -- the name on the menu is meant to do that. The name will definitely solicit questions; maybe they should change it. But I enjoyed a bowl of chicken noodle, rich with flavor, as if my grandmother had been simmering a pot of chicken bones for hours. My only complaint is that the white meat in the soup was dry and flavorless. In the future, maybe the kitchen will learn that tender chicken meat in soup is welcome (either dark meat or white meat that&#39;s just perfectly cooked).In any case, the service is wonderful, the space is lively and noisy, and the food is amazing. I&#39;m looking forward to visiting again and seeing what a culinary dropout can do.
Food was good, not great. Our server was bad. She hardly checked on us. She took a long time to take our drink order and food order. It was not a busy day. We went long periods until they refilled our waters.
Great vibe, great food, great atmosphere. As an Interior Designer, I was surprisingly pleased by the decor, furniture and vibe. Everything about it was comfortable and inviting. Food was great. They need to train their bartender on drinks. Ordered a Sex on the Beach and got Vodka with Soda Water. Another bartender tasted it and replaced it with a way better version. Would definitely return!
The food here is not the best, I&#39;m not crazy about it. However, they have a really great Moscow mule and it&#39;s the perfect spot to take cool instagrams, or play some games. So if you&#39;re not into eating, then this is the spot to be!
I went here after looking through Yelp reviews for local eats. I got there at 740 with a reservation at 8 (for a tip make a reservation because it was busy). I always feel awkward making a reservation for 1 (makes me feel lonely) but whatever. The bar area and restaurant had a really laid back but busy vibe. They had a live band which was actually really good. I had the Lumberjack Heff....delicious. My solo mission was to get the ribeye cap, but they were sold out (sad emoji). I didn&#39;t have a backup plan but I settled starting with the wings. They were nice and crispy but for me a little too salty. For my dinner went for the meatloaf....I thought it was a little underwhelming. It was filling but I wouldn&#39;t say great.The overall area and solid beer choices I&#39;ll be back to give it another shot...but only for a ribeye cap. Ribeye cap or bust!
Large appetizers, fun menu selection and great drinks. We came here with friends who are pretty picky eaters and they found lots of options that they enjoyed. Service was a little slow even though the place wasn&#39;t very full. Our waitress would disappear and I had to go to the bar to get silverware for someone who was never given any.
I love the aesthetic and vibe of this place! The menu has a wide variety of food that go well with their different cocktails. If you are looking for a place to relax, possibly play some yard games, or just hangout by the bar, this is the place to be!
Good food, not great but that&#39;s not what you visit this place for. The atmosphere is very tending and affordable. This is not the quietest eatery, so it&#39;s not the best place for a first but it&#39;s solid place to go out with friends in a group.
I have driven by Culinary Dropout (aka The Yard) multiple times and it has always piqued my interest. Finally, after many random drive-bys, I stopped by for a drink and a bite to eat. Completely blown away by the interior set up and design. The actual entrance is connected to a small boutique called Madison&#39;s--super expensive clothing with simple athleisuere style. (While the clothes are cute, I don&#39;t think I can pay $58 for a tank). Anyway, follow the hallway to find a corridor that leads you to an open, transparent kitchen and a cool, upscale restaurant. Completely open concept, industrial, and artsy. Patrons were young business professionals, older important people in suits, families brunching together, and then me...day drinking on my day off with messy hair. This is definitely not the bar or restaurant you go to for cheap drinks to find life&#39;s answers at the bottom of the bottle. It definitely has a classy feel. Stage in the restaurant has live music with the upcoming acts listed on the giant blackboard. The Yard is connected and is the gaming area. 21 and over only in that section.Service was good. Food was good, drink menu was awesome! Prices were decent, but on the higher side overall. Definitely recommend this place to impress a date or a fun girls night out when you&#39;re in the mood to get dolled up.
Every now and again there&#39;s a restaurant I&#39;ll visit which feels like they deserve way more than 5 stars, this is one of them let me explain why. First off I chose this place for it&#39;s vibe, food and great reviews which I&#39;d seen on Yelp. A lot of people mentioned Happy hour so we definitely wanted to check that out. I was under the impression HH was til 6pm but once we arrived I learned we only had 3 min left because it is actually from 2-5pm. Well, our greeter told us she&#39;d send our server right over and he did arrive quickly so we placed our order for a few things that caught our eye right away: grilled cheese sliders, pretzel and cheese fondue and chips with onion dip, a beer and a glass of sangria. Later we also added their wings which were absolutely fantastic btw. We get our drinks and my GF loves her beer that our server mentioned she might like based on her tastes &amp; I loved my sangria! We are just engaged in conversation enjoying this beautiful place, the light is so great, we loved all the games they have on the outside part and all the couches, just everything about it is awesome. We asked the hostess when she passed by about the availability for some of the rooms where they hold events and she gave us a ton of information and feedback as well as cards on whom to contact regarding holding an event there. It&#39;s so awesome when an employee can share more information about a place they work in even if it has nothing to do with their exact job description. I don&#39;t remember her name but thought, wow, she genuinely seems very happy to work here and after looking around we realized pretty much everyone seemed genuinely happy to be there. Our server was great as well, super attentive and helpful with any questions we had at any point. Our food was ridiculous. Let me explain, it&#39;s a small-ish menu but these are THE BEST PRETZELS &amp; cheese ever! Just get them already and say hello to carbs, it&#39;s so worth it! The cheese sauce was something else too, it consistently stayed warm and creamy over fire (the way it&#39;s brought out to your table), a great touch! Chips and dip was fantastic and the grilled cheese sliders were good but I kinda wished they had tomato as well. You might be thinking we ordered too many things with cheese and sauce, well I don&#39;t eat meat so other than a salad I didn&#39;t have a lot of options. I will still come back, granted if you&#39;re a vegan or vegetarian you may have a hard time finding something but the drinks, service, vibe are worth it. We are definitely coming back with friends and family and will reach out for more info on hosting an event there. What a beautiful place. Can&#39;t wait to go back and listen to some live music next time.
Love this place!  The location is new, nice, and huge!  The pretzel bites are my favie appetizers there.  The waitress was pretty good and came around to make sure our drinks were filled.  Great place to meet up for HH!
Cool place with great food and service. I went here solo and had a great meal and fun time.
Here for a weekday HH on a out of town project with coworkers. The place was large and not very packed for a Wednesday night. The lounge layout was not very accommodating for larger groups over 10 since the couch are fixed to the floor but the staff did offer chairs around the table on the other side.  The food and drinks were good.  The ribs I got was a full rack and a good value for the money.  The salmon and ravioli looked good too.
I only went here once because I had a $75 worth of Fox Restaurant gift cards and this is the only place in Tempe... I think. Anyways, I decided to take my parents here for a nice, relaxing Saturday lunch... Not what I experienced.We arrived and the server sat us right in front of a &#34;band&#34; playing music. It was waaaay too loud. I requested to move across the room immediately which they accommodated. I think they were ticked off though because our server checked up on us like once the entire time we were there until the last 10 minutes when we paid. No water refills...We ordered mussels, their oft-posted pretzel appetizer, butternut squash ravioli, and steak. The steak was overlooked for a medium steak without much flavor, the pretzel rolls were too salty, even after we brushes off all the salt on the outside of the roll. That compounded with no water refill and we were barely able to eat them. The mussels were also overlooked so they were really tough and the sausage that was supposed to be in the mussels were like specks, about the size of crumbs. Highly misleading. The one redeeming dish was the ravioli. It was slightly sweet with aromatic hints and well balanced. Nice dish.The whole meal used up the $75 gift card but the one item I liked was the ravioli. My parents had one comment which I thought was funny. They said, &#34;We&#39;re glad it was free. The Red Lobster place was better.&#34; Hah! They know an overpriced, sadly lacking in taste meal as well as any foodie out there!I only went there once. Maybe there normal cook was out sick. I don&#39;t know but I can&#39;t think of a reason to come back...
Very fun place to go and enjoy! We bring our friends that come into town to visit, here for drinks. Lots of fun things to do, and a unique atmosphere. Haven&#39;t had a chance to eat here yet, but hope to soon!
Came here after work for dinner with some friends.  I&#39;ve been meaning to check out this place for quite some time because of all of it&#39;s raving reviews.First and foremost, parking.  There&#39;s tons of parking space which is great! However, this place is seriously popular, especially after work around 5PM. Despite the relatively large parking space, almost all of the spots were taken -- my roommate and I got lucky and pulled in as someone was pulling out. I will note that there is complimentary valet though (bring cash, just in cash! Don&#39;t forget to tip!)Now onto the interior. Gorgeous, gorgeous place. From the floors, to the walls, to the women&#39;s bathroom, to the relaxed (or absence of?)dress code for the staff... this place is so trendy and hip! I&#39;m especially fond of the lights (they dim then around 6pm!). I&#39;d definitely love to get a little dressed up and go here to grab some drinks with my friends. This is the perfect place for that.The staff? The staff was great! Super accommodating and responsive. Constantly checking in on how our group was doing. Loved it.Now for the appetizers. We had two appetizers: the pretzel and provolone fondue as well as the pork rib nachos. Both were fantastic and very easy to share. So much flavor and cheese! I love cheese. I&#39;d love to try all of the other apps (I&#39;m thinking the wings next time!)As for the entrees, I ordered the Italian grinder with a cheap house salad on the side. The salad was awesome! It&#39;s presentation definitely did not match up with its name. Now, the Italian grinder looked quite delicious (I asked for lots of jalapeños in it!) but man.. it just wasn&#39;t good. I was pretty full from the apps so this may have contributed to it, but geez, I really couldn&#39;t bring myself to finish the sandwich. So I asked for a to-go box and decided to save it for tomorrow&#39;s lunch.When I got home, I had a HORRIBLE stomach ache (I&#39;ll spare you the details). I told all my friends thinking that maybe the appetizers were the cause. Everyone else was fine, except for me. Perhaps I had something else to eat earlier on in the day that upset my stomach? So I gave the sandwich another shot.NOPE NOPE NOPE. Eating the remainder of my sandwich ended up with the same results. I learned my lesson. I am never, ever going near the Italian grinder again. I didn&#39;t have the most positive first experience here... I will definitely go back to this place for some drinks and apps and MAYBE some of the other entrees but in all honesty, none of them really caught my eye -- which is how I ended up with the sandwich.At the end of the day, this is the perfect place for some apps and drinks, but I don&#39;t think I&#39;d ever come here for dinner. But who knows? Maybe next time I&#39;ll change my mind and work up the courage to give some of the other entrees a shot. Maybe I&#39;ll check out the location in Scottsdale or Phoenix. Until then, my stomach and I will definitely be avoiding the dining area at this location for the foreseeable future. If I ever go back, you can find me at the bar.
Very chic and chill. They have colorful cocktails with non-standard liquors and food thats not too bad. Additionally, the setup is pretty fun; outdoors they have pingpong and cornhole with another bar at the very end. Its a cool place to not go too party-ish, but only a little. I usually take my friends from out of town here for the last night.
Happy New Year! Well, it&#39;s official - January has flown by and I&#39;m not even sure where time is going!! I hope everyone had a great celebration to ring in the New Year. My husband and I dined at Culinary Dropout on NYE to take advantage of their amazing three course meal.We went straight into &#34;treat-yo-self&#34; mode when we got there and started off with Korean Style Brussels Sprouts and the Bacon &amp; Parmesan Grissini from their Antipasti menu. My husband found the Brussels Sprouts to be his favorite item the entire night; I was on board with the Grissini which were basically really long breadsticks (not sure how to describe them)!For our main meal, I went with the Smoked Salmon Toast / Fried Chicken / Apple Crisp. My husband went with Sweet Potato Pierogis / Fried Chicken / S&#39;mores dessert.It was kind of difficult to pick which of the starters we liked more, both were good in different ways! I actually preferred the Pierogis because the dish was a little bit of sweet &amp; salty but the Smoked Salmon Toast had a good flavor also. Now, my husband and I typically don&#39;t get the same entree when we go to a restaurant so we can share but if there&#39;s one place to do it, it would be at Culinary Dropout - their fried chicken is always super crunchy and tasty. No regrets on this choice! Both desserts were good but if I had to pick again, I&#39;d go with the S&#39;mores; it was very rich &amp; decadent but amazing. I&#39;m typically not a huge chocolate person but I really enjoyed this dessert!Overall, a great meal. We did go early in the evening with a reservation so we were seated immediately. They have a nice bar area plus games if you&#39;re waiting for your table and have some time. I&#39;ll go ahead and keep my rating at 4 stars after multiple visits!
The ambiance at this place is fantastic! Music is good libations are flowing, people watching is stellar too. The hummus wasn&#39;t great, but everything else was delicious!
Food: I came with some friends, so we got to try some different things. We split the BBQ pork nachos and the pretzel rolls with fondue. Both were delicious, with a good ratio between topping/dip and carb (we actually had leftover cheese!). I ordered the ribs, which came with fries and coleslaw. The meat came off the bone easily, but the ribs could&#39;ve been a little meatier. Didn&#39;t really bother me though, because I still had half the rack leftover for lunch the next day! The coleslaw was eh, but the fries were nice and crispy. My s/o got the steak, which he liked, except he found the horseradish slightly overpowering. Service: Phenomenal. Our waiter checked in on us a lot (without being intrusive) and had great attention to detail. Decor: I get that it&#39;s supposed to be trendy and all, but I didn&#39;t really like the interior design. Its modern and chic, but impersonal. I&#39;ve driven by the downtown location, and based on outside appearances, that location would be better if you&#39;re looking for some ambience and warmth. Parking: There were a lot of parking spots, which is awesome, but this place is clearly hella busy, and so it took us a couple circles to find a spot. I saw when I was walking in that they have a complimentary valet service, which would probably be worth preparing for, if you are meeting people there. (Finding parking made me late to meet my friends by about 10 minutes) All in all a great experience. Would do again, but probably at a different location.
I like this location way better than the Scottsdale location. It&#39;s bigger and has more options with the yard next door. Live music with really impressive musicians and it was just right on how loud it was. Corn hole toss and ping pong was really fun to play after dinner and drink more  two bars!
The grilled salmon, strawberry kale salad is to die for. The flavor is spot-on. However for the price, I wish they put on some more salmon instead of itty bitty pieces. The service is pretty fast and courteous. I would recommend the pretzel and cheese dip--they are so soft and delish! At times, the place is on the nosier end. I mostly enjoyed the overall atmosphere. The warehouse feel of the restaurant reminded of dining places in Dallas. The ambiance was hip and trendy. I hope to check out the live music on my next visit!
I went to Culinary Dropout on the 14th after my graduation and it was awesome. Our server was Logan and we couldn&#39;t have had better service from him!! Not only was he friendly and full of life, but he also took the time to appeal to our party and purpose for being there. For me its all about service and he takes the cake with his ability to take all of our orders, share his personal preferences and opinions, and be playful with our sarcastic banter!! Aside from the service, the food was so delicious- not a single complaint, the drinks were plentiful and varied, and the prices were decent! They have a free valet service so we took advantage of that, too! I&#39;ll be back and hope to have Logan as our server again... (for research if you&#39;re reading this, Logan! haha).I had the jalapeño honey lemonade which tasted so fresh and perfectly spiced; wings; pretzel bites which I presume to be a popular fave; shrimp caesar salad; the homage chips were great and so were the mussels!
Awesome please. And great service. Our waiter was great Ana drinks delicious. For a group of 12 people they service us. Super fast.
I love this spot! There is something for everyone on the menu. Good cocktails, good food, and GREAT vibes! If you&#39;re looking for a place to have a casual night out with friends, this is the perfect place. You can order a variety of drinks and snacks for the table, or come in for a meal, or sit out in &#34;The Yard&#34; and play outdoor games and ping pong.I&#39;d recommend their Pretzel Bites and Nachos. The Antipasti Boards are fun to try as well. I haven&#39;t had a bad drink there yet!
The wait here is pretty long on the weekends, so you should call ahead and make reservations unless you want to wait 20+ mins, although you can still go to the bar and get a drink while you wait. I definitely recommend the soft pretzel and provolone fondue to start. I got the two soft words cocktail and  fried chicken upon the waitress&#39;s recommendation. The drink was fruity as expected and the fried chicken was good, but did not live up to the hype the waitress gave. The monkey bread is really delicious and a perfect way to end the meal. The yard is pretty loud and hard to have a conversation there, so I recommend a table inside if you are planning to chat. Overall it is a good place to go on the weekend to have some food and drinks and hang out in the yard. The food was pretty good, but pretty pricey for what you get, especially the drinks. The bill adds up quickly here, so beware.
Nice ambience, trendy decor, good beers, great service! food is ok. little too loud but its a nice place to hang out with friends. Overall, love this place!
First time at this place. Clean, trendy, good appetizers and great beer.  I will definitely be a returning customer
Came here tonight for a work mixer and had the pork belly nachos.  TO DIE FOR!!!  Hands down the best I&#39;ve ever had!  Was also here a few weeks ago for a business lunch and had the grilled chicken club sandwich.  Also amazing!  Fun atmosphere.  My kids had a blast playing cornhole with my coworkers tonight.  Will definitely be back
Culinary Dropout would make it to my list of top 5 restaurants. The atmosphere is very fun in the outside seating. They have corn hole and ping pong tables to play with your party before or after your meal. As well as live music- which is both a pro and a con for me. Pro: he sings acoustic covers and is actually good at it. Con: the music is always way too loud. Recommend: pretzels and fondue, bbq pork belly nachos, fried chicken. Tip: it&#39;s been a year since I&#39;ve gone, but if it still holds true- happy hour all day long for Sunday football.
Stumbled upon this place in my search for somewhere to eat for lunch. Such a great atmosphere! Very busy and lots going on but I sat up at the bar and service was great! The bar is hopping with different drinks. I had the grilled chicken club with a side salad and it was a lot of food! Very tasty and nice presentation! They have their own private parking lot and it&#39;s not a really busy area so that was nice and convenient! Will definitely be stopping by again!
This place has everything you want in a hipster restaurant.  The space has a very open feel and the bar and restaurant are divided in sections that just feel right.  The food was quality and cooked correctly, but boring.The food was a little LCD for my taste. (least common denominator = great for the whole family).  BBQ was tame, the coleslaw was nice, the fries were good, and the fried chicken was fine.  It almost seemed healthy.  This menu needs a kick in the tail!  The sleeper must awaken!
First time here and loved it.  The staff was super nice and the food was bomb.  I recommend the pretzel appetizer and fried chicken.  The drinks are good and the games make It an exciting Friday night or chill weekday after work.
Great place to hang out and have a classy time with coworkers. Only downside is the prices and leaving your table to play games. If you want to play a game you forfeit the table you just waited 30 minutes for.It makes no sense that there is no reservation system in place to save your table while you play a game to wait for your food. Isn&#39;t that the entire concept of this business?
Cool spot to grab a drink and hang! Their games are fun, especially if you&#39;re in a big group! Their garlic bread is crunchy and savory. Nice ambience and vibe!
This was my second time here, and yet again I wasn&#39;t disappointed. We were looking for entrees to share, and decided to go with the fried chicken and beer battered fish. The portions were generous and the food tasted great. We also tried their Irish whiskey dropout called the &#34;Smashed Irishman&#34;, and it tasted amazing as well. As far as price goes, this place is not amongst the cheapest, but I would say it&#39;s worth the money. Their gaming area could use some improvement though, the ping pong balls and racquets certainly need to be replaced with newer ones. But overall, it was a great experience! :-)
I love this place! Wish we have more places like this in CA. Both the indoors &amp; outdoors area are really cool. There&#39;s cornholes and lounges in the outdoors area. The drink prices are reasonable and the mixed cocktails are delicious. You can&#39;t taste the alcohol in the Deviant Behavior and it seriously tastes like a strawberry lemonade. The Gin &amp; Tonic is also decently good here but I guess you can&#39;t really messed up on that. Really wished I was able to try the food here. Heard the fish &amp; chips are to die for. I might have to come back to Arizona to just try the food here...maybe just maybe.
Delicious lunch after a tour of ASU.  Our server was great.  She knew the menu very well and asked if the specific toppings on the sandwiches and tacos were ok. Plenty of free parking.
This would have been a five star review if we were going off of how delicious the food was because it is mighty tasty. But, the server we had was just rude. There were 7 in our party and 2 were from out of town and we wanted to take them somewhere with a fun atmosphere and great food. Our server, upon arrival, seemed annoyed with us. The entire time we were there he seemed bothered if we needed anything. The real problem was one of out of town guests ordered a second drink that she never received after asking more then once. He brought the bill having charged her for the second drink and we brought it to his attention he made it seem as if the fault was ours. I get that the vibe of the staff is chill and cool but maybe they should put more effort into customer service instead of the way they look
This place is terrific. Such a great scene, cool vibes, and the restroom facilities are first class. The pretzel rolls w fondue appetizer was AMAZING. loved them so much it was hard to want to save room for my meal. One of those could serve about 6 ppl probably. Also had the prime rib friend dip which was fantastic. My wife&#39;s pub burger was decent. But the restroom facilities are amazing. Solid core doors on all stalls, wonderfully designed color/tile scheme, and a huge trough sink that&#39;s very roomy. Also the only partition between the men&#39;s and women&#39;s sink portions of the restrooms are the mirror so you can actually see through to the women&#39;s restroom. Kind of a cool detail!
First timer... Had the seared tuna salad with a Gin and Tonic cocktail. It was a great first visit. Loved the atmosphere and people were nice.  Food and Drink was great! Will be back!
Huge restaurant, awesome food, cool atmosphere! Live music setup available as well as TV&#39;s. Great place for a large group.
Great place to grab a bite to eat and a few drinks.Trendy spot to hang out with friends. They have a variety of different games like ping pong, corn hole etc.The grilled salmon was delicious especially with the poached egg. The only thing was the portion was so small!!!! It was literally little pieces of salmon.Overall, good atmosphere to socialize with friends!
I was super excited to come and try this place based on the reviews. Sadly, I never got to eat. We were seated and had no one waiting on us for 25 minutes, so we left. People who came in after us were seated and provided with drinks. The wait staff walked by several times and no one stopped to take an order. I never write bad reviews, but I was certain to write one today due to the horrible service.
I loved this place the second I walked in because of the atmosphere. Really cool vibe and very spacious. I came for a business lunch and we order the pretzels, brussel sprouts, deviled eggs and then I got the Gorgonzola chicken salad. All of them were amazing except I will say the deviled eggs were a little too salty for my taste. Would definitely come back though, I&#39;m curious to try other things on their menu!
Wow, what can I say about the awesome experience my wife and I had at the Tempe location. We had reservations for 630pm. Unfortunately the place was a super zoo for some reason... on a Tuesday night and we didn&#39;t get seated for another 20 minutes. The manager and the staff were super apologetic because of the wait. We love CD and have been to the Scottsdale and downtown locations.  I must say the service and attention to detail in light of the messed up reservation was well above my expectations. This location is truly the best of the local, in my opinion. Thank you Clancy for taking care of us. Kudos!
Went to Culinary Dropout with some friends the other day! The space is fun and has a great ambience for a group of friends. I got the Shrimp Cesar salad, which was definitely overpriced for what I ordered. Unfortunately, the menu didn&#39;t really have vegetarian friendly options. Personally, I don&#39;t see myself returning for their menu items.
Inconsistent. Ordered their pork belly nachos for delivery like usual. This is the second time wonky things have happened with this order. Last time the chips were stale and seemed like they came out of a chip bag from the grocery store. This time the pork belly looks like it didn&#39;t get the extra bbq love that it normally does. This app is usually stellar otherwise. Maybe something is up with the management/staff, but it certainly makes me not want to try again.
This is the week I begin [what will hopefully be] a steady reduction of calories, so I may get in shape for the holidays, at which time I will gain them all back in excess. Just kidding... maybe. It may seem like I&#39;ve checked in twice, but really I&#39;ve been to Culinary Dropout many times since early 2018. My girlfriend and I, having not visited in a couple months, thought it&#39;d be fun to stop by for a Friday date, especially with it being a mere block or two away. In our past visits, we&#39;ve *always* gotten that heaping bowl of delicious pretzels with fondue. Today, however, we wanted to see if we could pull off &#34;healthy&#34; at Culinary Dropout. TL;DR: Ya can&#39;t. Now, before we get lost in the &#34;eating healthy =/= going out&#34;, let&#39;s consider the menu for a sec. Culinary Dropout still boasts an impressive menu with different styles for everyone. The antipasti, which I would be open to checking out someday, is itself a wide variety of options. They&#39;ve got salads, sandwiches, rotating soup, and still an excellent list of entrees. My goal this evening was simple, and indeed feasible even when going out: I wanted a high-protein, low-carb/fat dish. Thus, I ordered the rainbow trout. From the menu: &#34;Roasted broccolini, heirloom tomato, cipollini onion, lemon chile butter&#34; -- doesn&#39;t sound bad. Yes, the butter was a red flag, and we&#39;ll get to that in a second. However, in my naivety, I imagined a good chunk of fish adorned with vegetables. Read on. | Rainbow Trout |I give this dish a &#34;D-&#34; because holy butter! I can do a pad of butter, or even a butter spread on the trout, but an ocean of butter? The so-named lemon chile butter was a sea which added an extra layer to the plate. I thank my lucky stars that the veggies, which were -- of course -- few and far between, were spared from this liquid torment. The tomatoes, onions, and broccolinis were delicious. I enjoyed them very much, which further explains my disgruntlement in their scarcity. I can&#39;t provide legitimate feedback about the trout, for every bite just tasted like butter. I did clear my plate, but after the last two bites, my stomach made some kind of churning motion -- like a gastric signal that translates to, &#34;What the hell are you eating, man?&#34; I can tell you I got my proteins tonight, but I can tell you with more conviction that I got way too much fat. Even if I wasn&#39;t trying to eat healthier, I would have felt the exact same way. Bad job on the fish, loved ones. I like Culinary Dropout, even though they have yet to heed my logical suggestion to offer a reduced-size pretzel appetizer at all hours, and even though they once served us cold pierogi. The service has always been good, and ~92% of our meals have always come out right. So, yeah, we&#39;ll be back....It&#39;ll just have to be on a cheat day!
Came here a few days ago and I really liked the layout of this place because it&#39;s very modern and has a very unique vibe to it! The service was great and friendly! I&#39;m giving this place 4 stars is because the food just didn&#39;t quite hit it for me. I had the steak tacos, my bf got the meatloaf, and the cheddar and potatoes pierogies! The only thing that was really good was the cheddar and potatoes pierogies and that&#39;s it. The steak was really dry and they give you a big bowl of beans for only 3 small tacos. The meatloaf was really dense and dry as well, and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant mashed potatoes. Overall, the food wasn&#39;t worth the price but the atmosphere is worth the visit!!
Since I moved here I have been trying to check out this place. It is always busy the times I have tried going. Busy all the time, means it is good. This place is fancy and cool. The furniture is a mix of formal and informal, but yet comfortable.  The service is the best. The food is creatively prepared and delicious. I finally caught this place in the &#34;brunch&#34; time frame. Not too busy at this time. After ooing and awwing over the menu choices. I decided on the Turkey Pastrami with slaw on the side. I don&#39;t know why I ordered the slaw on the side, I eventually stuffed it in the sandwich which was oh so delicious. The side salad was good too. Then there was still room for dessert. Monkey Bread!!! I did not know a restaurant made such a thing. This has always been something my friends have made, but no, it was here on the menu. Served in the cutest Staub casserole dish. The ice cream was excellent. Made with real vanilla bean. Perfect to go with the monkey bread. Our waiter, I wish I wrote down his name, but I did not. He worked that late morning on into the evening. He was phenomenal. Gave us plenty of time to look over all the offering and making recommendation. Since we stayed the night in Tempe we attempted to go back in the evening, but it was really busy. So we did not try out the dinner menu. Eventually we will get there during an off time and enjoy dinner. There were couples, large tables, singles, families, etc here. This place draws everyone. There is corn toss in the patio. Oh and the patio is something else. We sat in the main dining room however, but I did check it out. I want to come back, soon!
&#34;Food is such a powerful lil hoe, she could take control of anyone.&#34; ― Billie Eilish @billieeilishI&#39;m a Culinary Dropout alumnus!Not a stranger to this location or their other valley-wide location, I have always enjoyed myself at Culinary Dropout. This isn&#39;t even the first Culinary Dropout review I&#39;ve written! As such, I won&#39;t give you a play-by-play on all the dishes I&#39;ve consumed but here are some highlights:You can&#39;t go wrong with the Soft Pretzels &amp; Provolone Fondue. If you&#39;re getting an entrée with fries, keep the cheese and use it to dip it in. &#34;Ma... The Meatloaf!?!&#34; is also a good classic dish. Who can say no to a Wedding Crashers reference anyways? The Fried Chicken is also pretty darn tasty. All they need to make the fried chicken better is to offer some spicy honey on the side. *kisses fingertips* As for the cocktails, they&#39;re all pretty darn good in their own ways but depending on who makes it, it can be either weak as a guy getting his first prostate exam or stiff like an opossum faking death. There never seems to be an in between.Anyways, a good note for this location is that they have a back bar area for 21+ called, &#34;The Coop.&#34; If you hear your host or hostess mentioning that they want to seat you here, run! We were seated in The Coop on a warm 101°F Saturday evening and no amount of swamp/evaporative cooler and ceiling fans could keep us cool. Although this place is GORGEOUS once the sun goes down.So yeah, get your butt over here and become Culinary Dropout alumnus too! Happy Hour is from 3PM-6PM, Monday-Friday.  ;)
Came with a few friends as I&#39;ve been told by quite a few folks now that this place is pretty amazing. Really great atmosphere and I&#39;m sure it&#39;s really nice in the summer but food isn&#39;t anything special. All three of us got burgers that were solid, service was good, and we were seated right away. Pretty good menu selection but nothing too memorable.
Make a reservation! Such a cute place!Love the atmosphere! Hubby and I came here for dinner after a whole day of pigging out around the Phoenix area so I was saddened I wasn&#39;t able to order more food. We opted to share a steak salad and a Brussels sprouts appetizer. When we ordered the salad and said we were going to share it, they put the salad in 2 separate bowls for us. :) The Brussels sprouts were Korean inspired and it was really good. If I&#39;m ever in the Phoenix area again, I&#39;ll come back to try more dishes.
I found this little(not so little) gem on a recent business trip out to Tempe last month. My account team had a reservation on an early Thursday evening and by the time we left this joint was packed and hopping.First off, this space is beautiful. Large, open, airy, simple, but yet cozy. There&#39;s a large games area to the right and private dining rooms to the far left. In the center, is a massive bar with surrounding seating. I had a few Sangrias(on their Happy Hour special), which were excellent and recommended. I ordered the Seared Tuna Salad and had a few dips of the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue. All of these dishes I would order again in a heartbeat. Our waitress was wonderful. Charming, personable and quick to act. Parking, from what I understand, is challenging later in the evening.
Culinary Dropout is a solid food fare choice in the valley. Overall, this place hits the mark in regards to vibes, service and food. I think their salads are the best thing in the menu and I am never disappointed when I order one. I also think the best appetizer is the pretzel bread cheese fondue. I&#39;ve been here multiple times but my most recent trip, I ordered the steak salad. The cost is 19 dollars but inclusive of a bed of lettuce, corn, tomatoes, avocados, onions, and croutons. It is topped with a tasty steak in which you can choose how you want it cooked.The decor and setup is cute and conducive for big parties. There are also games you can okay. Whether you come here for HH, dinner or brunch on the weekends, you won&#39;t be disappointed here. Lastly, the Tempe location has private rooms so this would be great for events!
I am not sure why it&#39;s taken me this long to write a review for Culinary Dropout because this is one of my favorite places to go ever since moving to Arizona.I&#39;m sure decor doesn&#39;t matter too much to people looking for a place to eat but I love how CD does everything well from the food to the drinks to the decor. There&#39;s an indoor and outdoor area so it&#39;s very spacious.My favorite thing here is definitely the Sweet Corn Ravioli. I love creamy pastas and this one did not disappoint. I kind of wish I didn&#39;t order this first because now I&#39;m reluctant to try anything else on the menu. It&#39;s just that good!I&#39;ve also tried the Pesto Shrimp Orecchiette which is also good but was cooked with way too much oil or pesto. Either way, there was a layer of it when I was done with the dish. The 36 Hour Ribs and the Korean Style Ribeye were really good too if you&#39;re looking for a meat focused dish. My favorite appetizer is the Cheddar and Potato Pierogies. I think it only comes with 3-4 but it&#39;s done so well, you don&#39;t really mind. On top of that, the service here is amazing. Amanda did a really great job  recommending dishes to us and always coming back to check on us even on a really busy night. She made us feel like we were her only table but she was running around the whole night.
Been here many times but came for lunch today. Love coming here for any occasion. Came for the 4th of July earlier this year as well great happy hour and really yummy cocktails. Definitely need a reservation during busy time but they were able to have us seated right away today at lunch. I got the steak salad and it didn&#39;t disappoint. Per many reviews on here the pretzels are a must.
Came here while visiting Tempe and I must say I was very impressed. We walked in on a whim without a reservation and was told it would be a half hour wait. Perfect amount of time to play some ping pong and toss some bags. Towards the back past the cool sofa table set up, there&#39;s a bar where I ordered a Between You &amp; Me. The bartender made it nice and strong but also full of flavor. Honestly didn&#39;t even notice time passing because soon I received a text saying my table was ready. For an appetizer, my date and I ordered the cheddar and potato pierogies. They came out fresh and delicious, I was practically scraping the plate for any left over pieces.For dinner, I ordered the roasted salmon and my date ordered the bistro steak. We were satisfied with portions and could taste the quality in the ingredients. With dinner I had the Triple Lindy Spritz and enjoyed it. I wish we would&#39;ve gotten desert but we were stuffed. Overall, the food was amazing, drinks were pretty good. I really enjoyed the elegant yet funky vibe here. Almost forgot to mention, there was someone playing guitar and singing live! Plus candles on the table... very romantic.I&#39;ll definitely be returning to Culinary Dropout. With the gorgeous light fixtures, comfy couches, amazing food and lawn area for bag tossing, what&#39;s not to love?! Next time though I&#39;ll be getting the pretzel and cheese appetizer as well as the tuna tartare. Also a table next to us got the pork ribs and they smelled amazzzing!
This will be a new all time &#34;go to&#34; when I&#39;m in Phoenix/Tempe!Food is great, bar choices are outstanding, and the atmosphere is outstanding!!!
All I have to say is I want to try everything on their menu! This place is so pretty inside and there&#39;s live music. I&#39;m not sure if it&#39;s all week but I came here on a Wednesday night and they have someone playing the guitar and singing. The food is so good. I ordered the pesto shrimp and it had so much shrimp and the pasta was perfect and the pesto was above and beyond. My friend ordered the crispy shrimp caesar salad and that was fried perfectly and paired so well with the caesar. We also ordered a few drinks and we had some help with deciding and he was great! To top it all off, we got an order of their monkey bread and it was something I would order again and again. The bread was ooey gooey in a cast iron skillet with apple chunks. On the side you get this perfect scoop of french vanilla ice cream. Overall I&#39;m so happy we got to try this place!
I like this fun lively place.  Nice decor and well made drinks.  But I struggle to eat the salads  as then are time and time again drowning in too much salad dressing.  The lettuce is soaked, I wish the salad had less dressing and was crisp.  It seems like the house salads are made in advance and then sit around getting limp and lifeless.  I&#39;m a vegetarian and salad is one of my few options to eat.  Please re think your salad dressing and plating.
We went to this place for brunch before we head back to California. The place has a cool ambient. They also have a bar if you would like to just pick up a drink or two. We ordered some appetizers. I love their fried chicken. It is very saucy, consistency is good and tastes great. I didn&#39;t need ranch to dip into my chicken because the chicken itself is perfect. I ordered fish and chips on the menu and a French fries for my kid. Nothing special about the fish and chips. It tasted okay. Same as everybody&#39;s fish and chips I&#39;ve had. Their serving is pretty huge. Their side French fries was a whole bowl. Customer service is fast. Their waitress were friendly and efficient. Overall, everything is good. I would recommend this place if you would like to chill with friends and enjoy a drink and some appetizers.
Wow what a great place! I definitely would recommend calling in for a reservation because it does get packed! Since it is hot out, I prefer sitting inside, however there are water stations outside so that you don&#39;t die of thirst. The management and the staff are very friendly and helpful. They all just looked happy to be there and although it was busy, they worked together to get through it. Good sign of a good working environment. For my appetizer, I looked on yelp for some recommendations. For my meal, I definitely recommend sharing the Fried Chicken with someone. That plate can easily be shared with how much food is piled on it. It is very good and helps cut the cost! Just a tip, don&#39;t park in the most south of the lot before 6pm! The signs are small but it is permit restricted until 6pm and you can acquire a pretty hefty ticket.
Really great food and good atmosphere. The food are made inhouse which is a huge plus and u can feel the quality.
Been here several times with friends. And this is definite place to come with a few friends because then you can share your food. The atmosphere is always cool and hip and everyone is always happy. The service is great the people who work here are great.My favorite is the soft pretzels though.A few soft pretzels and a couple of beers and I&#39;m happy.5 stars.
Pork Belly Nachos: Great to share for the table! The pork belly was bbq flavor and not too sweet or overwhelming. The chip can hold up all the toppings without everything falling off! I want to say the chips are homemade and had some weight to it. The cheese, guac, sour cream and all the other toppings were a great combo. It was a big serving and 4 people couldn&#39;t finish it! We were all also waiting for our entree.We all order the fried chicken dish. The chicken was very juicy especially the breast. The flavor wise was good, not the best fried chicken I ever had. The Biscuit was honey glazed and was a good side to have. I wasn&#39;t a big fan of the coleslaw and mash potatoes were average. Super fun place to chill with friends. We gave at 8pm on a Tuesday night and had to wait 30 mins or so. Very lively place with ping pong tables and an outside patio were you can hang out and grab a beer with friends.
I would say this is my favorite gastropub in terms of ambiance hence the 5 stars. Open space, open chicken, great for groups. Bean bags, ping pong, shuffleboard. 2 bars that seat at least 20 people. Long tables, couches, indoor and outdoor seating with heaters and also private rooms. It was just really a cool place and really a great atmosphere just to hang out with friends and let loose. Our group got the soft pretzels with provolone fondue, Korean Brussel sprouts, and crusty bread. All were good. The crusty bread also went well with the provolone fondue that came with the soft pretzels. Maybe they can add that as an option for the crusty bread. My main entree was their Korean style ribeye cap, it was ok, I would not order it again. It seems like a stir fry, I was not sure what it was going for. Overall, great place to hang out, not too loud, we were able to have a conversation without any trouble despite that there where seems about 200 plus people that night. If you are in the area, definitely check this place out. Make sure to make a reservation.Our server Nicole was also awesome. She is one cool chick!
Amazing food and service! The only downside is it&#39;s always crowded and fairly pricey. Perfect place for a date, and hanging out with friends. Would recommend to anyone!
Sadly, this place is really overhyped. It&#39;s definitely &#34;cool&#34; and I could see why it&#39;d be fun to drink here. It&#39;s a really big space and you can rent out the rooms for events or parties. They definitely have a very laidback atmosphere and let their servers wear whatever they want. It&#39;s all very interesting and nontraditional.I was pretty let down by the service, however. They seemed to forget about us when we checked in for a table, saying that they were just cleaning out the tables and it would just be a moment. But the hostesses seemed to have gotten really distracted because their friend arrived or something? After a while, we got up to remind them about us (lol) and then they immediately seated us... I noticed a lot of tables were cleaned by then too..Next strike was when they forgot our appetizer. They told us it would be out in a moment, then suddenly our entrees were served. We followed up twice before the brussell sprouts finally arrived - and by then we had already finished most of our entrees. We were told that the reason for the delay was because they didn&#39;t know if they had any brussell sprouts left. Which didn&#39;t make sense to me, honestly, because why would our server say they&#39;d be out in a second shortly after placing the order? I think they just forgot or gave it to another table lol.Lastly, the food is overpriced and nothing to write home about. I honestly think that because the ambiance is so &#34;hip&#34; and cool, people think that the food here is better than it really is...I&#39;m pretty disappointed.
It was my first time last night ... very nice place, spacious, loungy and opens late.  I liked the indoor and outdoors areas.The service was fantastic. Amanda was awesome.  I&#39;m a foodie and a bit picky ... she got me my order perfectly and kept checking on me if I needed anything.  This is what I call a great service.My recommendation to the management is to enhance the menu a bit unless it changes periodically.
After landing at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and picking up a rental car, we were starving and looking for a place to eat after 10:00pm. We stumbled upon Culinary Dropout, which has multiple locations in Arizona. To warm up, my mom and I ordered bowls of Yesterday&#39;s Soup, which reminded me an Avgolemono Soup. It consisted of lemon scented broth with shredded chicken, wild rice, carrots, onions, and celery. We shared Sherry Glazed Beet, Garden Kale Salad, and Rainbow Trout. For the beet appetizer, we felt that the flavors were great but a bit too pricey for what we received especially when we skipped the goat cheese. The Garden Kale Salad consisted of a blend of vegetables (including Brussels sprouts, sweet potato, asparagus, cauliflower, and red cabbage) tossed in a lemon tahini vinaigrette, topped with chilled smoked salmon ($), and garnished with pine nuts and parmesan. The Rainbow Trout consisted of a grilled rainbow trout cooked in beurre blanc and served with green bean, toasted almonds, and caramelized shallots. The restaurant was able to split the dishes into two portions at no additional cost. Desserts sounded tempting but we felt it was too late to consume desserts. We plan to return on our next trip to Mesa!
Entrees are pricey. Great chill atmosphere, live entertainment and yummy nachos! Lots of parking!
HUGE space - great for large groups (of which I was in a party for 13) and more importantly, great food!  Rib eye cap, curry bowl, fish n chips, pirogies, etc. were delish.  The desserts were the perfect end to a meal - monkey bread and some peanut butter, caramel concoction that was amazing.  Wish there was a place like this near home in SoCal - great space complete with huge patio space that accommodates ping pong tables, shuffleboard and corn hole, bar and lounge seating.
happy hour at The Culinary Dropout!  Their pork belly nachos is a must have, for $9 you get a plate full.  Also their antipasto has just the right amount of items to share with a friend or two.
Came here for a late lunch while visiting with friends, and we had a fantastic time!Our party of 6 was seated outside. The open area was spacious-- plenty of room between tables and a huge game area with Cornhole, shuffleboard, and ping pong.The menu offers options for everyone without being overwhelming. The vegetarians at our table were so satisfied with the corn ravioli and pierogi dishes. I ordered the turkey pastrami sandwich with fries. The sandwich is served on a pretzel roll, and it did not disappoint! The turkey was savory and balanced well with the sauces and cheese. The fries are perfectly cooked! After enjoying our meals, we played ping pong and shuffleboard. You can check out game supplies with the host. They also have BEAUTIFUL banquet rooms-- I would totally have a wedding reception or party here.I&#39;d love to come back next time I visit AZ!
One of the best spots for a variety of dishes. Perfect for a date as well as an amazing drink selection with some of the best bartenders in the area. I recommend the fried chicken as well as the pastrami sandwich. Have been going for about 3 years now and will continue doing so.
Came here on a Saturday night. The wait was long for a table but luckily we found a place in the bar area at a shared table. Cool, large, open-air atmosphere which was fine at night, would&#39;ve been really hot during the day though. The drinks were actually really good, they were unique and different and tasty, I tried a few different ones. Had the steak salad and it was decent but nothing to write home about. I probably would&#39;ve given this place four stars but our waitress literally disappeared and we were waiting 30 minutes for our check. I think this is a cool place to grab a drink and would probably do it again.
If you&#39;re looking for a fun and aesthetic atmosphere to dine in - this is it. The entire restaurant has a unique vibe that makes you feel important somehow. The menu options are so tempting it&#39;s difficult to chose. And for some it was! The table next to us ordered two entrees each! The entrees were delicious and the service was great! The only reason for 4 stars is our appetizer. We ordered the soft pretzels and provolone fondue. The soft pretzels? AMAZING. The fondue? More like a glorified nacho cheese sauce you&#39;d get at a concession stand. It wasn&#39;t the melty, goey cheese I had pictured when reading the words &#34;fondue&#34;.
After arriving in Arizona earlier in the day, my dad and I were eager to try out a new restaurant. We made our way down to the Culinary Dropout after reading several great reviews about this place. Instantly, we were greeted with smiling faces by some very welcoming individuals. Because we arrived at 4, there wasn&#39;t much of a crowd, but there was still a lot of people in the restaurant. The Culinary Dropout itself, is huge, very roomy, with many tables, bar seats, and even separate rooms for parties. The vibe is very hipster and cool, with string lights hanging from the rooftop. There is the restaurant, and also the patio. The patio is covered, so it&#39;s not too hot, and even has misters to help keep the area cool. On the patio, they have a gaming area, including ping pong, a version of shuffleboard, and corn hole. My dad and I tested our skills in ping pong, where we had the time of our lives. Our waitress was calm, cool, and collected, and made my dad and I feel at home. Now, for the food. The steak tacos were easily the greatest things I have ever placed in my mouth. The presentation was beautiful, and the tacos had an underlying sweetness to them. As much as I tried to savor them, I ate all three tacos within minutes. My dad described the seared tuna salad as phenomenal. The tuna was seared to perfection on the edges, and the middle was very rare and juicy. The portion size was great, and they did not skimp out on the tuna. To top it off, we ordered the s&#39;mores pudding desert. It was absolutely incredible. The marshmallow on top was fluffy, and the caramel in the middle wasn&#39;t overtaking, and the chocolate pudding at the bottom was smooth. Graham crackers came along with it, and we tried our hardest to not think about how many calories this desert was. It was very rich, and could be split between 2-4 people. Overall, we had a very fun time, and will definitely come back.
Wow. What a great atmosphere! Reservations definitely recommended. Decor was fun...as if Joanna Gaines decorated the place! Food was great and there was a little bit of everything. Small plates, salads, entrees, dessert. Extensive beer and bar menu. Definitely a great place to gather with friends. Music is a bit loud, so as long as everyone is okay with that, it was a great vibe. Definitely try the Fried Chicken!!!
Super yummy food and a very fun and chill environment! The service is super great as well and it is always quick! Definitely give this place a try if you haven&#39;t!
Let me say parking was not bad. Finding the place was cool and the scenery is very hipster and laid back. I will say the servers dress casual a lot of trendy outfits and need to say no bras. The server got the pork nachos and my friend got the pretzel with provolone fondue. We shared and it was so yummy. At first I was sad cuz the cheese for the nachos was scarce but the server brought me a big bowl and it made me so happy. Honestly I left completely full and did not spend as much money as the items must have been on happy hour. Overall I ended up very satisfied and full and who doesn&#39;t like saving money
Love the vibe and decor of the place. Great spot for drinks with friends. The food on the other hand was pretty bland. We came in for brunch and my friend order eggs with cheese. They seriously put a slice of what appears to be a Kraft cheese single on top of his eggs. I mean really? My food was just okay, nothing memorable. Come here if you&#39;ve already eaten and want a nice little party spot with friends.
Excellent waiter service. The pretzel and cheese fondue appetizer is very good. Largest Culinary Dropout. Lots of indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor games like corn hole. If you sign up for their emails, you get $10 off $20 or more.
Interesting menu. Loved the food. The apps portions are a little smaller, but again, may be it was because we all couldn&#39;t get enough of them :). Good vegetarian options too. Very warm and friendly service. Went there for lunch with a bunch of work colleagues. Great ambiance. Looked more like a dinner place to me, with the stage and stuff. Absolutely recommend it.
I came here on a Friday afternoon alone after work to unwind and relax. The staff was very friendly and made sure I was having a good time and I enjoyed my meal. The staff was very outgoing and were such a delight to be around. I forgot my wallet and was worried about how I was going to pay for the amazing dining experience, so I tried to pay with Apple Pay. Unfortunately they don&#39;t use Apple Pay and the manager put the meal on the house. I am truly shocked by how amazing and sweet the staff and management has been and do plan on coming again. Thank you very much culinary dropout !
Everything we ordered was amazing.  There&#39;s only a handful of vegetarian dishes on the menu, but the flavors knocked our socks off.
The monkey bread is out of this world! The Mac and cheese (on the kids menu lol and yes I still got it) is also awesome.
We are originally from the bay area and visiting Arizona. We went to visit Tombstone and on the way home came across this restaurant in Yelp. So we decided to try to out. I will say this is such a hip place to hang out to have drinks or just have dinner with the family. I love the ambience and set up. Staff was great, food is awesome, and l just couldn&#39;t get enough how cool this place is. I wished we could of stayed longer to check out the live band playing. Will definitely come back.
Not bad! Nice ambiance and attentive quiet ninja waitress (extra star!). Seated on the outside patio. Great fresh cocktails and salad. Meh on the cinnamon roll dessert and wings (the wings were good but not the traditional wings I was expecting)Overall a decent night in Tempe!
This is for the space, service and pretzels-- square pillows of perfection. Nice beer selection, ping pong, and sports. The fish and chips were alright, was really craving a good hot dog tho...
Worst service each time I have gone. Always crowded, poor service, long wait list and there are no uniforms so you can never tell who your server is. The menu is strange. You never really know what you&#39;re ordering.
A fine example of what hipster fine dining is. Been here a few times. Food is consistently moderate to good. Pretty much everything off the cocktail menu is horrible. There is a full bar so if you want to drink then ask for something more traditional.
What a cool place!Culinary dropout was one of my favorite watering holes in the area. With ample parking and HUGE seating areas, this place is great for groups.I came in the afternoon on a Saturday and didn&#39;t have any of the service issues that other reviews have mentioned, but could understand with such a huge place how on crowded nights, it could slow a bit.Still, being surrounded by such cool ambiance, I would find it hard to find something to complain about as once you get your food and drinks, you&#39;ll love it here. Especially with fire pits and outdoor couches, it&#39;s a comfortable place for big parties and a great happy hour location. I would highly recommend checking this place out if you&#39;re in the area.
The place looks very appealing from the outside so I decided to try it. Overall, I love their fried chicken, but the rest of the food was not my taste. Would give them 6.5/10.
Great ambiance , great drink (a little light on the hard stuff but still tasty). Fried chicken was well cooked and I liked it, real mashed potatoes with tasty brown gravy. Dane was our server, somehow a great server makes the whole experience amaZimg!!  Service was 5 stars food was 4, great place to go, I will be back
We had one day in Phoenix, Arizona and told a friend to take us to some of his favorite places.  After hearing about how amazing these pretzels were all day we finally ended up at Culinary Dropout.   So since we are on the topic of pretzels,  I start by saying all of the dishes here are amazing!   Good quality food with unique takes that just ups the bar on stand comfort food.  And  yes the pretzels are as amazing as they were described to me.   The cheese sauce was tantalizing!  I just wanted more.   So we also had the nachos which came with the exact same cheese sauce and delicious pork belly.   The chips were really good also.   I feel like all items were fresh and came out fast.    The service was good,  although it took a while for the first round of beer to come out.   The food came out before the beer.  But this place was very packed.  I love the fun vibe of this place.   There was ample outdoor seating and outdoor games like ping pong.   Although it was pretty warm when I went,  it looks like you could go and have a meal outside year around due to all the heaters present.   Overall I can wait to return when I&#39;m in this city again!
Went here because a number of people recommended it.  We made sure we had reservations.  We were lucky we had reservations.  We over heard a few walk ins and the wait was an hour and half.  This place is popular for a good reason.  We ordered a few meat and cheese.  I had their Manhattan and Irishmen whiskey.  Both cocktails were good.  I prefer the Manhattan served on the rocks.  I had the Korean rib cab, and it was amazing.  It has a bit of a spicy kick to it, but nothing overwhelming.  My colleague ordered the fried chicken and it looked amazing.  Be aware the fried chicken comes with three portions of chicken: leg thigh and breast.  It was a lot of food, but the kind that was amazingly delicious.
Awesome place for a large group of friends. They have ping pong, corn hole, foosball, fire pits. Affordable drinks! Dinner was good too but I recommend getting a reservation because the seating area is not very large.
Delicious food and great place to just have beer and relax with friends. A great place to go if you enjoy playing outdoor games too.
They are very nice good customer service . Easy to make reservations , clean restaurant , tables always available
Located in the Mirage.  Did the breakfast buffet one morning and then the champagne weekend brunch the following day.  Breakfast buffet was only $19.99 a person.  I think it&#39;s a great price considering an entree at their Pantry restaurant is about the same price.  You order your eggs at the egg station, then proceed with a large selection of food.  I was happy to see pizza, chicken fried steak, smoked salmon and other lunch items.  There are eggs Benedict and your typical breakfast fare as well.  Soft drinks are included.The next morning, we tried their champagne brunch.  Cost was $32 a person plus another $6 for unlimited champagne/beer/wine.  Man, did we stuff ourselves with the crab legs and stone crab claws.  Those are the most expensive items, so might as well indulge on them.  The prime rib was also good.  Very tender.  Hard to believe, but that was the only things I ate during brunch.  We also drank a lot of champagne.  We sure got our money&#39;s worth!
Since we stayed at the Mirage, we thought we should give this buffet a try. Boy, did we made a mistake. The foods are so bad that we just sampled a few things and left. The ASIAN station filled with foods that not eatable. The fried rice is so dry that I can&#39;t even chew on it. The wonton soup, I can&#39;t figure it out what is inside the wonton skin. The only good thing is the fresh pasta cooking station. I got my Al Dente penne pasta dine right. There are only a few things laying around that you thought they forgot to bring foods out. The dessert, forget to try them, you will get more disappointments. The soft serve melt even before it came out from the machine. I don&#39;t think this people even try to cook. So don&#39;t bother to try this buffet, you will waste $35 dollar.
One thing that is a must to do in Las Vegas is go to a buffet.At first we were lining up to go to another buffet place but changed our minds since the presentation of the food looked awful and the food itself sub-par. But it was a blessing in disguise because we ended up at Craving&#39;s buffet at the Mirage. For $40, you get food from about 11 cooking stations. There was Japanese, Asian, Italian and a whole bunch of others plus a dessert section.   There was a variety of meats from prime rib to roasted ham and fish to crab legs. The place has a lot of tables to accommodate couples and groups.  The plating of the food at each station was very appealing.  Another cool thing is that the house wine is unlimited. Yes, unlimited ! There is also unlimited  juice, pop and coffee. This place is definitely worth the price !
Well, it is a buffet....Free alcohol was advertised and I had points so we decided to go here.I did not end up drinking, bud light and goose island IPA and a couple wine selections that didn&#39;t interest me.The food was alright, standard buffet fare. I liked the layout, you didn&#39;t feel like a cow at the trough at least.Not sure I would pay the asking price, but for points or if you have a coupon it is worth a shot.
A decent buffet overall with many global selections from Italian to Latin to Asian to New American. The prime rib is probably the best offer within the whole line of food as it&#39;s cooked perfectly medium rare and the carvers are super generous with the slices. However the Asian and Latin stations feel a bit bare with just mainly carby selections that are unpopular and thus visually looks dry. Another interesting aspect of this Vegas buffet is that you self serve your own soda drinks and coffee and water. With extra money you can go to the bar and get your own alcoholic drinks made to order. The dessert options looks appealing, but almost half of them are super dry or too crumby. Overall a decent experience for a Thanksgiving meal
We went to 6 myVegas buffets, and Mirage Cravings is seriously worth a try if you use the 2 for 1 comp (watch our channel on which games to play to get loyalty points). The price ends up being around $16/person, which is great considering there&#39;s enough good food here that most of the people in your party will feel full and satisfied. Mirage ended up #3 out of the 6 buffets we tried, check out our YT video for which ones made #2 and #1!
I&#39;ve been coming to Cravings for quite some time now and while this is definitely one of the smaller buffets than it&#39;s MGM counterparts, it is certainly still a good option. For starters, they&#39;re the only MGM buffet that has complimentary house wine and beer unlimited! If that&#39;s enough to steer you in their direction, then I don&#39;t know what will!Depending on the day you go, the selection may include their full menu or just a smidgen of it. I have come on both weekdays and weekends and understandably the weekends are much better. Some key items that are offered are:- prime rib- beef brisket with au jus- paella (needs more spice)- crab legs- crab claws- nacho bar- bread pudding - espresso bean cakeOverall, I do enjoy my time here at Cravings and would recommend it to those guests staying at Mirage. Pro tip: download the myvegas app so that you can get a free buffet here!(36/100--2019)
Thankfully I had a coupon for this place which gave me a buy one get one free. Otherwise, I wouldn&#39;t have eaten at this place. The food here is not good at all. I really can&#39;t name one thing I liked from here. Nothing really stood out to me. The dessert bar was whatever&#39;s, and everything else wasn&#39;t good. Hopefully everyone else who ate here didn&#39;t pay full price because it is definitely not worth it. $36 should get you a great meal at somewhere for one person. This place ain&#39;t it!
So many buffets, not enough room in my stomach. I&#39;d say the experience you have here is impacted by how much you paid to get in. We were able to get a good discount by buying buffet tickets at the &#34;on demand&#34; ticket booth just outside the Mirage hotel. We paid around $20 per person for lunch. For that, I&#39;d say this place is definitely worth going.It&#39;s always busy in Vegas, so expect to wait in line to go in. There&#39;s a lot of variety here, as well as unlimited beer/wine included at the bar (don&#39;t forget to tip though). Definitely a fan of the &#34;carving&#34; line with prime rib and turkey. The other choices are solid as well including, Italian, Latin, Asian, and desserts. They serve crab legs if you decide to come for dinner.
Limited options for vegetarians, coffee machine was not working. Refills at the buffet line were slow. But it&#39;s within mirage and not a bad option to have a meal here if you are staying here
On our first night in the city, my friends and I decided this is the buffet we would visit after receiving several recommendations. However, it did not live up to our expectations. I visited the Italian and salad stations to begin with and they were both good. However, my visit to the seafood station was bad. The crab legs were lukewarm at best and there was not much selection. The dessert station seemed to be appealing so I got some carrot cake and a chocolate chip cookie. The carrot cake tasted very bland and the cookie was rock hard. The waitress only walked us to our table and told us where the drink stations were. She certainly did provide any service that seemed to deem worthy of a tip. However, one was still given. Overall, this buffet&#39;s stations are very hit and miss and management needs to review how to provide guests with better service and quality of food.
We stayed at the Venetian hotel and walked across the street to the Mirage. Overall decent food, the bouns here the free beer and wine. We had both lunch and dinner here for a very reasonable price. You can find here a large variety of food. I really enjoyed their purple Sushi and the brown rice. The interior was clean and spacious, and the people who work there were nice.
The meals were alright... I came on Saturday afternoon 8/24/19 and the first thing I tried was the crab legs. It was literally so cold and unseasoned. The only good pieces of food there was the bbq brisket and mashed potatoes. My BIGGEST complaint was the bartender, Lydia. She was an absolute WITCH! She was evil and lied and said there was no more mimosas yet she gave the party after me more RIGHT after and gave me a Bloody Mary instead. She told me I couldn&#39;t have more than one mimosa at a time, but gave this Hispanic man right after two that he was allowed to carry back at his table. She had brown short hair to her shoulders  (light brown highlights ) maybe in her 30s? She was rude and disrespectful and made the experience terrible. Never coming back again and my boyfriends birthday was ruined
We went for morning buffet!! It&#39;s like around $21 per person. I remember there was lot of food!!! There was an omelette station.. looks very understaffed in that station because there was a long line and the line was moving very very slow. It was just regular breakfast buffet!! It serves different types of meat and housemade eggs and/or potatoes or pizza if you want.. and there are station where it serves different types of cheese, pair it with crackers, preservative meat like smoked salmon . They have a variety of food to choose for breakfast and it&#39;s filling and worth it!It&#39;s worth it because regular breakfast is like $16 per person in regular brunch places but with tips it&#39;s around $19-20 per person. So u might as well just come here and eat an variety of food.
There isn&#39;t much options and the food is very bland . I do not recommend unless you like bland food. I had to put half a bottle of Tabasco to taste something . Not to mention, it&#39;s $32.99 a person. The buffets at Oakland that cost $10 a person taste better than this . I feel horrible for making my bf pay for this . Nothing is worth much here .
This place has very bad food selection, I couldn&#39;t anything tastes good... I am well traveled ate many places... this is the the worst food experience I ever had. Really nothing eatable, I was so shocked. I would never recommend anyone...
I chose this buffet in the mirage hotel since I was in the strip area and the lunch buffet was not as expensive as the ones at Bellagio and Aria. I believe the price is around $24. You pay before heading in and then are seating in the dining area. Our waitress was super friendly and told us about how beer and wine is unlimited with our buffet. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of options they had (Japanese, Chinese, American, Latin American, Italian) and some of the food was very good quality (sushi rolls and miso soup were okay, egg rolls were good, pleasantly surprised that they had Korean kimchi!). They do not have crab legs for lunch! The soups were good as was the pizza. However, other foods such as the pasta and paella had obviously been left out too long. They also ran out of the fish at some point. I would chose this buffet again only if I was in the area and wanted a variety of  options.
Everyone was nice and that is why I&#39;m giving this place 2 stars. $40 per person on a Saturday night and liquor was NOT included. There was a lot of variety but food wasn&#39;t the greatest. Beef was mostly fat. Pasta was cold. Desserts were dry and bland. My sister loved the crab legs but nothing else. Not worth the price.
I was pleasantly surprised with the Mirage buffet. The layout of the buffet is appreciated after navigating the mess of a layout at the Mandalay buffet yesterday. The area is open and the stations are arranged in a big circle with seating in the middle. The food was pretty good. They have a variety of stations such as Asian, American, Latin, Fish, carving station, Italian, and a chef&#39;s station where they will make you custom pieces. Beer and wine is included, which is definitely a pro. Everything I tasted was good except I didn&#39;t personally prefer the flavor of the sausage at the carving station. Their desserts were delicious too...I especially enjoyed the warm blackberry cobbler and coconut macaroons.
Honestly one of the best value buffets on the strip. The quality isn&#39;t the best, but it&#39;ll satisfy your buffet cravings for a good price. I&#39;d stay away from the sushi , and ask for a smaller slice of the carving meats  because they try to get rid of it ASAP through big slices cause it just ends up sitting there for a while. The unlimited mimosas for brunch are also an amazing deal!
food CRAVINGS.As with our visit to the Pantry, my mom and I visited the Cravings Buffet for dinner purely out of convenience (there was a line at the Pantry).  The Cravings Buffet is located at the Mirage Resort on the casino level near Portofino and Stack.1.  Yes, they serve dinner!  Till 900pm.  Adult dinner pricing is $28.99.2.  Yes, unlimited wine and beer (limited selection) are included in the dinner price.  Cheers everyone!3.  Yes, you must now get your own drinks (we discovered that this must be a new process when we visited the Bellagio buffet the following day for lunch and found the exact same drink dispensers).  Customers may help themselves to soda, juice, and water from the multiple dispensing machines available (cups are on the side).  Visit your friendly bartender for the adult beverages at the bar in the rear.  4.  Yes, the server was friendly and nice.  She brought over extra napkins, and hand wipes for our use during dinner.  She also offered to bring any other sauces or condiments as needed.5.  Yes, like any good Vegas buffet, there are various food stations and cuisine.  At Cravings Bufffet, these include Italian, Fish/Seafood, Latin, American, Asian/Sushi, Salad, and Dessert, of course.  I think my favorite was the Italian station....I liked the pizza and pasta.  The most disappointing station (for me and my mom) was the desserts.  We just didn&#39;t find anything to our liking really (i.e. no cheesecake).6.  Yes, seating is plentiful.  Like any Vegas buffet, there is a sea of tables and chairs available.  Thankfully, on the night we dined it wasn&#39;t overly crowded.7.  Yes, its a buffet...eat till you&#39;re content, or until you don&#39;t have any room left in your stomach.BOTTOM LINE:It was a satisfactory visit at the Cravings Buffet.  I liked that the wine and beer was included with the dinner pricing.
Got a BOGO reward from myVEGAS so we only paid $40 for two people. Dinner buffet also includes all you can drink beer and wine which was nice, and you can carry a beverage out in a plastic cup to go as well. All the food was pretty basic, but the prime rib was delicious and the only thing I usually eat at buffets anyways so it was fine. The last time I was here a few years back they had a chef personally making the wonton noodle soup bowls, but now it&#39;s just sitting out in a big bowl which wasn&#39;t as good because the noodles got soft. I had a mini cobbler with vanilla soft serve for dinner which was good. Overall it&#39;s a decent place to grab dinner if you&#39;re staying at the Mirage or there to see the Beatles LOVE show like I was.
warning, monday to thursday, they took out the delicious primeribs!  for almost 15 years this was the go to buffet on the strip for the value.  management wants this place shut down for another project.  sad!!
We ended in Craving buffet because it&#39;s located in our hotel The Mirage, do we thought why not. The have a cheaper brunch option if you get there by 11am. The selection is big and there are several stations of different ethnic food. I think the only ones we were content with was the Italian and seafood and the meat stations. Everything else (Latin, European, Chinese, Japanese, korean) was a miss, but for the price I really didn&#39;t expect much. The prime beef was really good though and chewable. It may be the last time we visit this buffet though b/c there are much better options around the strip.
I&#39;m on keto diet and this buffet is very good for my breakfast  you can take home/to go for a little less money
This buffet was so good! My friends and I weren&#39;t entirely sure about this place because the reviews on Yelp are so-so, some people enjoyed it and some weren&#39;t impressed. For that reason, we didn&#39;t know if we would actually like it or not, but we definitely did! The price wasn&#39;t too bad ($36 including a fee for unlimited champagne) because the food was good and I felt like there were a decent amount of options. They had plenty of breakfast foods from waffles, french toast, eggs benedict, bacon etc. and a whole meat carving station as well as dishes associated with American, Asian, and Mexican cuisine. Our favorite part about it was the flowing mimosas. A waitress would come by and refill our glasses on a regular basis and we were living for it. We ate, we drank, and we definitely indulged. We honestly really enjoyed this place and would love to come here again if we&#39;re ever back in Vegas!
Came on a Sunday around 1. No wait.  I have to stay it was one of the best brunches we&#39;ve had in Vegas. . We had no complaints, the food was delicious. So many varieties. From omelets, prime rib, crab legs, Mexican , Italian And Asian.  Our waitress Veronica was the best! always made sure our mimosa glass was full!! And the best part all you can drink mimosas, beer, wine and Bloody Mary. They even let you take a glass to go! I&#39;ll be back for sure!
Food: 2/5.      Price: 3/5.       Service: 3/5.    Ambience: 3/5Cravings buffet at Mirage disappointed me. They are famous for their 11 international cooking stations, and 150+ self serving soft drinks. The stations includes carvings (prime rib); seafood (crab legs, seafood stew); chef station(fresh cooked pasta); Chinese; Japanese; Mexican; salad bar; cheese bar; dessert. The other 2, American and Latin, were closed today!!!! Each station includes roughly 5-10 dishes, not a lot of selection. Food was sub par, poor quality and slow turnover rate. The prime rib was pretty great, snow crab legs were not bad. Apart from that everything else was quite low quality. Dessert section wasn&#39;t fancy, but the bread pudding, creme brûlée, oatmeal raisin cookies were all pretty good. If you go to Tix4Tonight, you can buy a $2 discount ticket and get 30% off per person($$20.99). That was around $25 for dinner including tax.Pricing (includes wine)Breakfast : $15.99 Brunch : $20.99 Dinner : $30.99 Weekend Champagne brunch : $25.99
We went to try Craving Buffet at Mirage Hotel on Labor day weekend. The line was pretty long we waited about 40-50 minutes for dinner but it was worthy. It was better then what i expected. The have so much choice of foods and also all you can drink bar. The service was pretty good that night.$36.99 per person for buffet dinner at strip is definitely worthy.
Review is strictly on table service: we have been coming to this buffet for NYE for 3 years now and this was the worst service of all time. We did not receive silverware after being seated for 10 minutes so I had to go find a waiter and when I told him, he gave me a &#34;I don&#39;t serve your table look&#34; and barely brought them to us. Then our plates stayed piled up for quite some time, almost our entire dinner.
Excellent buffet for the price. You have your choice of Italian, Asian, Mediterranean, and good ole American. From a breakfast chef to a carving chef, there&#39;s so many items to choice from. They have a self serve beverage area from hot teas, coffee, hot chocolate to cappuccino machines, you can&#39;t go wrong. There&#39;s a juice machine as well as a full service bar. If you can think it for a drink they have it. You will leave this buffet very satisfied! I would suggest the best time to eat would be before 10am, because after that it gets crowded. Overall this is an excellent place for groups or just two people. The wait staff and servers are friendly. If you have an Triple A card or serve in the military you get a big discount, you have to let them know because some of the cashiers won&#39;t say anything. We saved $12 for being a Triple A member.
Came here to eat on Christmas Eve. Waited an hour and a half to get seated because there was a line (but the restaurant wasn&#39;t even full). We paid up front ($36.99/person) and got seated by a hostess. Then you get your food and drinks on your own.  There was a variety of foods from different cultures, but not enough. The dessert section stood out to me the most because they were arranged pretty. They also have froyo. (Peach, raspberry, chocolate, and vanilla)We didn&#39;t have a waitress during that whole time, and I needed a new fork because it was bent but didn&#39;t know who to ask.Overall, I liked the dessert section the most, but everything is consider average
Visited 4/15/2018 - first time and won&#39;t be our last. It was a great place to eat! We used our MyVegas points to redeem the 2 for 1 buffet offer and it was about $35 total for 2 people. Considering the seafood and meat section, that wasn&#39;t a bad price. We spent more for less at other buffets. I like the made to order pasta and the Asian food section! Desserts were delicious and I wished I could&#39;ve eaten more. Everything was pretty fresh, including the gnocchi with mushrooms. There&#39;s more than 1 kind of cheese which I truly appreciate! Sometimes you just gotta have Gouda man!No bathrooms inside - you have to exit to the left for that.The drink section is great - lots of teas and the freestyle machine. All you can drink beer and wine is awesome too!As far as staff and employees go, most were friendly except the cashier at the front. She kept giving us &#34;the look&#34; and I&#39;m not even sure why. She took her sweet time and I felt like saying something but didn&#39;t. I was just a tad bit too hungry. Must try at least once - I think you&#39;ll like it.
I&#39;m from north Texas, and we don&#39;t have buffets like this back home. So many selections so much food, so little stomach space. It was all so delicious, mine and my moms personal favorite was the warm crab legs. The desserts were great, and I loved the carving station with the turkey ham and the mashed potatoes which I had two helpings of! Pretty reasonably priced compared to other Vegas Buffets!
Located in The Mirage and unlimited alcohol! 1. Came here for a group dinner and only had 1 plate of food and 1 dessert. I really wish I had more time to sample everything.2. There are stations lined up against the wall and are split up by region (?).3. Avoid the sushi. Each piece is 90% a lump of soggy rice.4. Try the tamales! This was one of my favorites.5. The mac &amp; cheese was really good too. You can never go wrong with staples.
This is a good, standard buffet. Don&#39;t expect it to be fancy like Wicked Spoon and Bachannal. We came on a Friday for dinner at 5pm. I had a myVEGAS 2 for 1 voucher. $35 with tax. Sweet. It wasn&#39;t packed and not busy. Fast &amp; friendly service. I had some seafood fish items, crab claws &amp; legs, prime rib, beef brisket, fish &amp; chips, pork ribs, chow mein, potstickers, salmon nigiri, seaweed salad, broccolini, and desserts. The highlights were the prime rib, fish with spinach, crab claws, pork ribs and desserts. Do not get the cream brûlée. The rest were ok and standard. The sushi selections are not so great. Need more Japanese food selections. Love how wine and beer is included in the buffet price. I had a glass of Chardonnay. The buffet price is not too expensive. Definitely worth the amount of food I ate. Will come back again and dine here. Thanks.
With so many options for buffets, Cravings has a hard time standing out. Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal and other upper tier buffets are much better, while other hotel buffets are about on par with the Mirage.Price wise it&#39;s similar to any other Vegas buffet on the strip not mentioned above. Selection is decent and pretty standard. Different cuisines all organized around the eating area. The AYCE beer and wine stand out, but food is just a-okay.We redeemed our myVEGAS reward here and the total came out to about $15 a person for dinner which was great. I also saw that they offer a to-go box for around $16 and just get as much as you can from the buffet, which doesn&#39;t sound like a bad deal.
Las Vegas a city filled with so many options when it comes to entertainment and food. It&#39;s not surprising that sometimes the mediocre outnumber the quality; however, if you&#39;re lucky enough you can find those diamonds in the rough. Cravings Buffet is luckily one of them. WHAT? WHY?!You might be wondering why I would choose such a poorly rated buffet as a possible diamond in Las Vegas. Well, there are several reasons for this. 1. If you go to one of those Tix 4 Tonight kiosks you can actually get discounted pricing to eat at this buffet. Now, it might not be a huge discount but for 20% to 30% off on your dining, especially at a buffet, it&#39;s a good deal. 2. Additionally, if you decide to take advantage of the Buffet of Buffets which is the 24 hour buffet pass for any Caesars&#39; owned buffet this is one of those restaurants you&#39;ll want to visit.3. If for nothing else the carving station here has some wonderful meats. I&#39;m talking about tri tip, prime rib, and brisket. These aren&#39;t novel in any way compared to what you can find at other buffets but from my experience I noticed that the quality was much higher than many other buffets that you find of this rating and tier. For this reason alone you can sustain yourself and rationalize spending $20-$25 at this buffet.ConclusionPeople will always rave and talk about how wonderful the buffets like Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon are but when you can find true quality in the lower rated buffets, that&#39;s when you feel like you found real value. Cravings is one of those buffets found in The Mirage, a beautiful hotel and casino even to this day. Check out the brisket and after a happy meal, thank me later.
Decent amount of options but not much to write home about. The quality of the food was just okay and a lot of the foods looked better than it tasted- some of the foods lacked flavor (pastas and noodles for examples). The prime rib was decent but that&#39;s about it... There is complimentary beer and wine which is good I suppose but I&#39;m not really an alcohol drinker. The desserts were a bit disappointing... literally, the Creme brûlée felt like a very sugary vanilla pudding and the cookies were extra crunchy. Paid breakfast price which was 18.99 I believe. However, would have paid double to get triple the amount of options and quality. The service was nice.
Unlimited Wine/Beer plus the excellent service gives this place a 3 stars.But if I was to judge the buffet based on the quality of the food it might be between 1-2 stars. I didn&#39;t find myself enjoying much of anything. The food was either bland or not very fresh.They do have a good variety here but I tried everything and the only things I really enjoyed eating was the watermelon, cheese, and the yellowtail nigiri. All three of these dishes just require being cut, not cooked -.-The Chinese food here was not as good as a typical random Chinese buffet, which was really disappointing. Some of the chefs need to be trained to cook Chinese food, it can be fast and cooked properly.A few fixes to the chef&#39;s cooking technique could make their food bearable, even if the quality is lacking.
Enjoyed the all you can drink beer and the prime rib, but everything else was just okay.
My wife and I stayed at the Mirage recently so we decided to come here for lunch... I believe for lunch it was about $24 each. I did my usual walk around the entire buffet and kind of felt like there wasn&#39;t a lot of meat? I think they had a prime rib, and the rest was just standard stuff. Not sure if I&#39;m crazy, or maybe the options are better for dinner.The entire area is huge and there is plenty of seating throughout. If I remember correctly, wine and beer were all you can drink? Which I thought was pretty cool and well worth the entry price if you can throw a few of those back.Our waitress never came around and we thought the food was average, but it was at least worth a try...
We actually went here a few years ago and I thought it was average at best. During our recent trip, we were pleasantly surprised and impressed with both the quality and selection here. I like the stations that are split into cuisines and the price is a bit more than average, but the food quality is also. Little things like artisan cheeses and seasonal frozen yogurt flavors like peach sorbet and eggnog were a nice touch.The chef was really nice and accommodating to my wife making her special requests. The line was a bit long to get in, but that&#39;s because it&#39;s one of the few buffets that honors MyVegas rewards during the holidays. We didn&#39;t stay here and traveling anywhere along the strip is tough, but this was a worthwhile visit for us! We&#39;ll be back!
Convenient, get what you pay for buffet!Let me start out by pointing out what factors were NOT added into the rating.  These will be talked about at the end of the review:Beverage serviceOther diners / atmosphereDining room seating~~~~~~~~~~~Buffet is not as pricey as Bellagio, Aria, but more than Circus Circus, Excalibur.  I came for breakfast, which saw a constant flow of patrons; most likely due to this time of year being Spring Break for folks in the country, and the perfect weather to visit for those outside the country.Food had good taste to it, and is what you expect from a self-service buffet line.  Food sits out for awhile and until mostly empty.  Some buffets will remove the dish, place a new one out, and dump the remains of the first dish onto the new one to give it more of a chance to go through.  This one places new food on top of the existing food so that the bottom of the serving plate likely has food from the start of the morning.  There is a wide selection from what you would normally expect from a breakfast, but key things I noticed was an omelette station, breakfast pizzas, and Nutella pancakes.The serving space is relatively small and too many times while waiting my turn to a dish, some people would push past me to get further down or to another station.  Some patrons combatted this push past by waking across the dining room floor to get to another station.  Serving area was not as clean as I expected but it was not filthy either.  The only obvious point is that someone does not walk the front side of the stations and wipe spills very often.  When it comes to the ground, spills are cleaned up pretty quickly.Drinks are self-serve, as is starting to become common with a lot of Las Vegas buffets, most recently noticed at Bellagio.I was a bit surprised of the waitresses that roam the floors.  Normally, they would come around and refill drinks.  Since Mirage&#39;s buffet has self-serve stations, this duty was eliminated.  There was no one that came by during my experience to ask how things were going.  I did notice waitresses walk around constantly, but some are preoccupied talking to other co-workers to talk to the diners.  Also, they peer over your shoulder and keep walking.  I saw this with about 5 of the waitresses walking the dining room grounds.  None of them said a word to a diner unless they needed something, like silverware or napkins.All in all, you get what you pay for.  The quality is better than half of the Strip&#39;s buffets, but it does have their downsides.  I do intend to visit for a dinner to see how the experience may differ.~~~~~~~~~~~Factors to Discuss (Not part of rating)This buffet does have what seems to be a full service bar!  Beer, wine, cocktails, hard liquor all seen.I was put off by one person&#39;s act of reaching in and grabbing food with her hand because she didn&#39;t see the serving spoon on the holder dish 2&#34; away.  I did tell a staff member, who was very quick to replace it with a fresh set of food and even a new serving spoon and holder dish.  This was a nice gesture and it makes me wonder if this always is the case both here and at other locations.A warning:  dining room floor is fairly cramped.  Tables are put closer together with other tables that make navigating the floors a bit daunting due to the close proximity to other tables and diners.  A few times I was brushed accidentally by other diners or staff.  However, I chose not to include this in the rating because as expected, the buffets want to get as many people in and out as possible, and I can understand the logic behind this.  The tables are strategically placed in a cross-diagonal pattern instead of checkerboard so you have less of a chance to bump directly into some other diner&#39;s back when scooting your chair out.
I have been coming to Vegas for years and pretty much have tried all the big buffets in town....Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon and the Bellagio buffet. I wanted to try something different and one of my friends suggested this place so we went. It&#39;s in the Mirage which happened to be a short walk from our hotel we were staying at The Palazzo. As far as the pricing went I didn&#39;t see any signs anywhere so I can&#39;t remember what we paid. It was roughly around $100 for two adults and two kids. Not bad in my book. There was a nice selection of all types of food labelled by different regions like- American, Asian, Seafood, Mexican etc. I especially enjoyed the crag legs! They made it very easy to eat as they pre-cut them a bit. When I do buffets I do eat a lot but when you just stick to mainly protein and veggies you can get away with it! I sampled a good amount of their desserts and nothing was exceptional and that is to be expected. I did enjoy their lemon cake though! For beverages they had everything you could think of at your disposal even a cappuccino machine! I had one with my desserts and it was creamy and frothy. They even have unlimited wine and beer included in the price which I thought was a great deal if you like alcohol. This is a great mid-priced buffet!
They&#39;re awesome! I&#39;ve had the pleasure speaking with a couple of Managers here and they were very accommodating. My family had a great time for my grandfather&#39;s 80th birthday. Food was exactly what we expected from the great reviews as well as the photos shown. Plus on all ends of this restaurant.Thank you Cravings!
Love this buffet. With a 2/1 coupon from MyVEGAS it&#39;s a really good deal.Go for the lunch or the dinner. I went to both.The biggest difference is crab. If you want crab, go to dinner. Yes! Hot crab with hot butter! Oh and ribs! They have delicious ribs at night.Super solid prime rib! I ate a whole cow.And Unlike other buffets your ticket for entry includes unlimited beer/wine! They have a bar area where you can go get your own drinks, so no need to delay. If you&#39;ve ever been to other Vegas buffets that have &#34;unlimited&#34; drinks, you know how horribly hard it is to get service! Yes, I&#39;m talking to you paradise buffet with your sippy cups of mimosas!And when you leave? Cravings even let&#39;s you take a to go glass of booze!!!And yes there&#39;s free wifi inside so you can hang out all day (2 hour max)!This is my favorite cheap buffet in Vegas!
Great value. Unlimited beer and wine (mimosas on weekends - and they never let you see the bottom) included for a little under $40. Food is not bad but not great - pretty much what you&#39;d expect from a Vegas buffet.Went mostly to eat crab. There are chilled and steamed options which is nice. Not amazing - but you&#39;re still eating crab legs so how bad could it be? We ended up trying a lot of other things as well that looked appetizing. Nice variety and plenty of options especially for a family.
I got very very sick after eating here. If you want a cheap meal and only plan to have the all you can eat prime rib, sides, salad, pizza, fries and alcohol, def spend the Money.  Other then that, any other area of the buffet I would not taste. Their Asian food was not appealing, everything else seemed like if it had been siting there forever.
Cravings is a great buffet for large parties.  You&#39;ll need to reserve in advance if you have a party of 16+ guest, otherwise, you&#39;ll have random tables all over the restaurant.  Also the prices.  It&#39;s $32 a person for dinner, however, that price can get discounted by veterans card (40% off up to 4 people and AAA card (20% up to 4 people).  I save a lot of money doing that.  My experience working with the staff was great especially our waitress.  She was great!!  Service was phenomenal and variety of food was great.  The best thing about eating here is the all you can drink beer and wine which is also part of the price.  I did have one negative, the person who cut me the dried up ribeye should be reviewed.  I didn&#39;t say anything at the time because I thought it was normal and it&#39;s the way they cook it.  But when bro got his ribeye, it was juicy also a large cut.  However, this place is still 5 stars because of the service, pricing discount, variety of foods, and all you can drink beer/wine . I will back definitely.  Also, Mirage is one of my favorite place to gamble
Went to this spot because a friend wanted to go. Cost was $35 and was NOT worthed it, not even close. The food made me realized how good I got it coming from San Diego where we have Pala. The food at Cravings was like at Hometown buffet. I usually eat A LOT, but could not stomach the food here. I mean, the food  was not fresh or appetizing. I can honestly say I did not enjoy anything there, but the beer. I will not be back.
This buffet is so underrated in my opinion. Someone in our group recommended this place and I was super surprised at how good it was! I&#39;ve been to almost every buffet in vegas like wicked spoon at cosmo, bacchanal at ceasars, the buffet at the wynn, etc...and this one was as good if not better than the others! (yes I&#39;m a fatty and proud of it).Service: Doesn&#39;t really matter at a buffet because you serve yourself. In my opinion, my service was excellent, so no complaints. Got up and got food real quick. BUT if you want to be nitpicky, it did take a little while to get seated when the line was short, then it again our group was 18 deep so understandable.Food: SO MUCH FOOD. The food wrapped around the whole room and it seemed to be endless. So many different food stations. As with all buffets, there was a crab leg section but no lame shortages here, it always seemed to be full of crab legs and no super long lines for it. When I do buffets I like to take a small bite out of every dish, and even doing this I couldn&#39;t eat everything I wanted because there was just too much food. Everything tastes fresh and delicious too. And finally there was FREE beer and wine. Not just cheap beer either, it was a house IPA, Heineken, and some other beer that I can&#39;t remember; probably because i had too many IPAs and Heinekens. Place: Upscale, clean, and tons of space. Plenty of room around you to eat and not feel like anyone near you is judging you.One of the best buffets in vegas in my opinion. PROTIP: Do buffet for lunch instead of dinner so you don&#39;t feel terrible about yourself on those vegas nights.
Even though I&#39;ve been to Las Vegas close to 10 times (annual trips), I&#39;ve never been to Cravings Buffet so decided to give them a try during my April 2016 vacation since I heard that it was a buffet with all you can drink beer and house wine.Out of the 4 buffets on the Strip that I experienced during my April 2016 vacation, this buffet was one of the larger buffets. Just for comparison purposes, on this trip, I went to Bacchanal which was the largest and second most expensive, Cravings which is slightly smaller (third expensive), followed by Monte Carlo Buffet (least expensive), and Sterling Brunch (smallest but most expensive).I can only have 3 beers during a meal so in terms of all you can drink beer, I didn&#39;t really drink much. The beer was draft beer and I think I ordered Coors or a Bud Light (I can&#39;t remember which I ordered but it was a beer brand that you can get almost anywhere). For the beer and wine, you go to the corner at the right of the buffet and ask for a draft beer or house wine.This place (just like Monte Carlo&#39;s buffet) is self serve for soft drinks. The soft drink machine was one of the higher end ones which allowed things like cherry Coke and allowed you to mix soft drinks with certain flavours.In terms of food, I concentrated mainly on the seafood selection and the carving station. The seafood was good as was the carving station although I found the beef to be too red for my liking. The desserts were good as well.The servers did a good job for me of taking my plates. Most of the time when I went to get a new plate and returned to my chair, my old plate was removed.I don&#39;t remember the price that I paid to have a late lunch at Cravings Buffet but there was a voucher at the Tix4Tonight booth that you can purchase for Cravings.I found the buffet to be good and slightly better and more selection than Monte Carlo&#39;s buffet (and also slightly more expensive). Since I&#39;m not a heavy beer drinker, for me, it was merely a chance to have a few beers without having to think about any extra costs.I wouldn&#39;t have any issues returning to Cravings in my next Las Vegas trip. However with all the other buffets on the Strip that I haven&#39;t tried, nothing really stood out enough for me to say &#34;I HAVE to return here&#34;.I would probably rank them 3.5 stars which rounds up on Yelp to 4 stars since half stars aren&#39;t allowed and I don&#39;t want to shortchange them.
A clean environment with a large assortment of ethnic cuisines and food types to choose from. They had southern food, a carving station, Mexican, Japanese, raw seafood, pasta station, Chinese and a dessert section. One thing that distinguishes this buffet though is the unlimited alcoholic beverages and the cool self serve drinking stations. Bon appetite!
The mirage buffet is worth it when you buy the $2 discounted ticket price at Tix 4 tonight. Instead of paying $36 per person, we ended up paying only $20.99 not including tax and the $2 ticket. Sushi was a bit disappointing and old looking. Atmosphere and food was good. I really enjoyed the custom made pasta bar. There&#39;s a chef that makes you pasta and it&#39;s delicious! Snow crab legs, peeled shrimp, rib eye steak was my favorite. This buffet was good overall, not to mention that dining at The Mirage is also great too.
I used a 2 for 1 deal from myVegas app for dinner.  The setup is a big U and have to trek it from one side to the other. The service was something. Very nice but all they can do is clear the plates. They don&#39;t bring you any drinks anymore! You have get your own sodas, juice, beer, and wine. Beer selection is Bud Light or Goose Island IPA. Beer and wine are included with price of buffet.After reading Yelp reviews, I focused only on their chilled shrimp, crab legs, and prime rib. Good stuff. I tasted a pork rib which was alright and really didn&#39;t eat anything else. I&#39;m a happy person. The dessert section in most all buffets are a let down, like this buffet too. Save the calories and get more crab legs!
I like to come here for my buffet when I am in Las Vegas. Beer and wine are included in the buffet price. Craving is inside Mirage... which is a very nice hotel to walk through.
Even though I hate buffets, when in Vegas ....Cravings is fine for what it is. We came twice during our stay pretty late in the morning (close to 11am) so we were there when they started the switch from all breakfast food to lunch items as well. The french toast was really good (probably my favorite). I love omelettes but the ones here were just OK. It&#39;s all made to order and the station was really slow, almost waited 15 minutes one morning because the cook couldn&#39;t work on more than 2 pans at a time even though there were 5 burners.They have different stations from friend chicken and southern type food, Chinese food, sushi, Caribbean (the plantains were delicious) and so forth. You definitely won&#39;t leave hungry and beer and wine is included!
The three stars is mainly for the prime rib.Alright when in Vegas, you&#39;ve got to hit a buffet, it&#39;s just a must. I&#39;m not sure how we decided on mirage, but I&#39;ve never been here so why not. The prime rib was definitely something to rave about, super tender and juice not like most buffets, but the second round it was dry..Whyyyy. Consistency people! Consistency is key. Overall, it was extremely mediocre. Like the brink of EHHHHH and mediocre. Like it barely reached the standard of OK. Well, that&#39;s a $35 dollar buffet for you when there are $40-50 ones and even $80-90 ones during holiday season like bacchanal. There wasn&#39;t a lot of options or variety. Desserts are usually something I&#39;m attracted to at buffets, but definitely not here. don&#39;t call your froyo soft serve ice cream gelato...because it&#39;s not. Such false advertisement. It&#39;s unlimited beer and wine which is nice, but it sucks that allllll drinks are self serve and we were seated on the opposite side...it was so far :( yeah we&#39;re lazy but when in Vegas, you just expect quality places with quality service! That&#39;s not too ridiculous right?
Ended up at this place because my MIL went on a museum tour and this place was recommended by the tour guide. We walked in and when my hubby busted out the credit card to pay and showed his ID (military), we ended up with a very generous discount! Liking the place already! We were seated, then went hunting for food. Loved that there was an unlimited beer and wine bar - that included Moscato, which is my favorite wine! Me, being the big seafood lover, made a beeline straight to the crab and shrimp section. I also went by the carving station where they have both medium rare and well done prime rib, which is a nice touch. I perused around the other sections before sitting down, everything looked pretty good but my plate can only hold so much! The prime rib (medium rare) was great and loved the shrimp with cocktail sauce, as well as the shrimp ceviche. The crab was ok, some pieces had some dry spots but edible. Loved the cioppino, reminded me of my own mother&#39;s version of her seafood soup. I also tried the clam chowder but it was rather bland and a bit watery to my liking. But other than that, the food was overall surprisingly good, and the service was excellent. I have a feeling the hubby and I will be back if we visit Las Vegas again.
This buffet has Coke Freestyle machines.I have been to this buffet twice (using the Tix4Tonight voucher to get some money off) and I happen to really enjoy it. It has a good spread of options, all of the seating is pretty close to the food, and it has lots of drink choices (which you get to choose yourself). There are Coke Freestyle machines here.When I came this second time with a friend and my girlfriend there was no wait in the mid-afternoon so we were seated immediately and the chow-down began. I wouldn&#39;t say this is a high quality food mecca, but it does what it needs to do without asking to be too much.I like Coke Freestyle machines.They have a make-your-own Pasta Bar and the usual different stations (Asian, American, Italian, Latin, etc.) as well as the Salad Bar and a nice little cheese and dip (hummus, salsa, etc.) bar. The Dessert area has creme brulee so I was all set there.Coke Freestyle machines.I enjoyed my time here.
Price for Lunch: $25.99 ?Lunch buffet does not come with any seafood!Which made us sad because we were hoping for some crab legs or oysters, but had none.The only seafood they had for lunch was sushi and shrimp dipped in marinara.But good news is that it does come with unlimited selections of beer and wine.Although I was too full and hungover to have any unfortunately.Service:Service was on point. The servers always made sure our old plates were taken away.Drinks:All drinks are self serve. They have multiple soda machines, and other options for you to choose from.Food:I can honestly say that most of the food here was pretty good.Not BAD for the price, but not amazing either.Pretty basic selections. Sushi, salad bar, rotisserie meat, build your own, soups, pizza, etc.Dessert bar had a lot of selections, nothing too spectacular either, but edible.Overall, its not a bad buffet if you don&#39;t want to spend that much at other casinos.
You come here for the unbeatable price ($15 for lunch buffet and unlimited drink wine &amp; beer Mon-Fri) but don&#39;t expect the same quality food as Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace.What I loved at Cravings:* Bread pudding* Eggs Benedict * Chinese Lo Mein* Shrimp CocktailWhat to avoid:* Sushi (hard rice)* Grilled meats were dry* They have both cold and heated crab legs but they were OK, kind of bland  Tip:* Secure discount on <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftix4tonight.com&amp;s=97f456af1795004cabb3151ffb752f6be421dc9b21b643a189724e1f8a3893f0" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">tix4tonight.com</a> for 30-50% off.
There was a large variety of food but the quality wasn&#39;t too great. But it was also one of the cheaper buffets (It was 37 per person including tips and tax) and it came with all you can drink alcohol, but obviously not the best quality of alcohol either. I&#39;d have to say the chinese food wasn&#39;t that great and if you come you should try the italian, american, or seafood.I enjoyed the salmon a lot because it wasn&#39;t overcooked and had just enough seasoning to make it interesting. The dessert wasn&#39;t that great either because the pies were still frozen. The fried rice was all soggy which wasn&#39;t too enjoyable and the ham was too salty. Overall, there was a lot of little things off with the food and it wasn&#39;t the best quality and I&#39;ve seen places with more variety. I guess the only benefit is that this restaurant is cheap.The line is also really long to get into the restaurant so we had to wait an hour and a half and the food was alright.
WHY WE WENT HERE:- we dedicated the &#34;only meal of the day&#34; for a buffet lunch- the first buffet we went to (which was located in another hotel, I forget which and its name) turned us down because we had several guys in our group who didn&#39;t have sleeved shirts on upon entranceTHE LOOK (FROM THE OUTSIDE/INSIDE):- hard to miss an open space that has nothing but food- looks somewhat like a food courtTHE WAY IT WORKS:- go in from the entrance, where the cash registers are- pay for your meal and indicate how many are in your party- you are then assigned seating according to how big your party is- unlimited beer and wine go along with your buffet mealWHAT THEY HAVE:- desserts- cold items (i.e. meats and cheeses like when you drink wine; salad area)- Asian- Latino- American- Carving- Italian- bar- SeafoodWHAT WE HAD:- a little bit of everything- the Latino portion was just sad and not authentic at all- the Asian portion was fairly decent- the cold items portion was only good from the meats and cheeses; the salads didn&#39;t look fresh- the desserts were just ok- the carving and seafood stations were on point! (I wouldn&#39;t know about the seafood personally, but a lot of the people in my group kept going back to that station)- some of the things in the Italian section were selectively better than others (i.e. pasta)CUSTOMER SERVICE:- the register people aren&#39;t pleasant- the seating attendants are VERY welcoming- the bartender worked fairly slow and had a hard time remembering our 2 drinks we ordered
SO MUCH TO CHOOSE FROM! I had such a delicious experience here that I can&#39;t even remember how much lunch was. Anywho, once you get seated, you take a look around and you lost track of everything. There is so much to choose from and they had this cinnamon honey bun...I think and it was like eating a churro. Liked it so much I went back and got two more. The drinks are self serve. You&#39;re a grown adult, don&#39;t complain if they don&#39;t bring you your dink. Also, the dessert section was....I don&#39;t even know where I was gonna start. Vegas literally means buffets in my books!
Buffet was great. Lots of variety of food starting at appetizers, to Asian, American, and Italian. This is the probably the only buffet where we had to get the drinks ourselves. Usually we have servers that do that. It was not a big deal though. Lots of drinks to choose from. They even had complimentary beer and wine.Food was all great. Probably my only complaint was the sushi. Wasn&#39;t really that fresh. I liked how we could get a customizable pasta plate. You choose what type of noodles, vegetables and then your sauce and the chef cooks it right in front of you in minutes.My favorite dessert was the crème bru le. Grabbed a few of those. It was an okay buffet. Probably only good for a one time experience
I came here a few years ago and also recently. I have to say it is such a disappointment. This time around, the food was lower quality, they ask you to purchase a bottomless mimosa menu when you can have AYCD beer and wine but no one tells you. The food here was pretty mediocre. We got myvegas points here, so it was buy one get one free, which was still not a great deal. I would not suggest this place but rather suggest wicked spoon.
IMO, this buffet is average at best. The lines were ridiculously long at The Bacchanal at Caesar&#39;s Palace so we walked next door to The Mirage to try out this buffet.For about $34/person on a Saturday afternoon, the food was nothing spectacular. The price includes unlimited beer and wine, though the selection was also limited. I&#39;m not sure how else I can describe the food except that it was weak af. I was so stoked for the prime rib but even that was drier than the damn Mojave desert I had to drive through to get to this place. Crab legs (steamed and cold) were small but the best part of my meal. The tuna in from their LIMITED sushi selection looked rock hard. Their salad bar didn&#39;t have fresh veggies. The fish in their fish n chips were clearly pulled out of a freezer box. It was all-in-all a very disappointing meal.Two stars for the shorter lines, unlimited beer and wine and cheaper prices in comparison to other buffets on the strip.
This place is by far the worst buffet I have been to in Vegas. The service and food combined adds to a negative experience. The boyfriend and I came here for brunch on a weekend because we purchased the Travelzoo deal online. What a mistake. Attitude from the cashier up front and then charging us $1.58 for taxes after the voucher. Are you kidding me? Ugh. Got seated to some uncleaned tables. They probably just wiped it once and set the utensils. The waiter finally walks by after about 10 minutes of sitting and says &#34;What do you want to drink?&#34; &#34;Umm.. good morning to you too. What do you have?&#34; &#34;What do you want?&#34; .....Well, orange juice it is...The food was very mediocre. Eggs Benedict was bland. Sausage patties were hard. Salad was warm. Soup was watered-down. It was a disaster. I do not plan to come back.
You know, I actually like this buffet. It&#39;s relatively cheaper than other buffets, and it still has a good selection. I went for brunch on a Saturday, and it was around $30 per person. I had $50 dining credit, which I promptly used here.I loved the bottomless mimosas (maybe a little too much, as I then proceeded to spill a plastic cup of iced tea towards the end of my meal right into my bag). The beer and wine is all included too.
I have visited many buffet restaurants in Las Vegas and this is by far one of the best. They have great choices of cuisine, wine and the staff are very courteous. Generally we find the wait staff are not very happy working in buffets it was a pleasant surprise to find that not to be the case here.My favorite dishes were yogurt with chocolate sprinkles ( yes I like to eat dessert first) prime rib end cut, salad and cheese selection and the beverage selections. I had flavored sparkling water in addition to red wine. Great experience and value. Would highly recommend.
Free buffet  thanks to myvegas .They have self  serve drink stations  now. Free beer and wine.Haven&#39;t been here in a long time , but the food was surprisingly  good.  They have hot and cold crab legs for dinner .Desert station could use a little improvement  though.
Had the champagne brunch here and I thought it was really good. Definitely one of the better Vegas buffets. Weekend brunch is about $32 a person. There was seafood available. I had fried shrimp, crab legs, muscles, and 2 hearty helpings of prime rib because it was so yummy!! There is a good amount of food here and the place is clean. Everything I tried was yummy, except for the wonton soup - that was nothing special. Service was prompt and good. There was also a good selection of dessert and I was too full to try it all. What I didn&#39;t like was at the dessert, some of the signs just say &#34;assorted&#34;... as if I know what that includes!!! Anyways, I guess that&#39;s why it&#39;s a buffet and you can try it all anyways! LOL. They also have gelato here. Seems like most buffets have gelato now... much better than ice cream or worst, soft serve!!!This buffet is worth trying!! I wasn&#39;t disapointed at all!
This is my second visit here, and it didn&#39;t disappoint. It&#39;s got the typical buffet offering such as prime rib roast &amp; snow crab legs hot &amp; cold. But what sets the buffet apart from most others is the unlimited beer &amp; wine! Although your choices are limited but I&#39;m sure you can find beer &amp; wine of your liking. The buffet does not have an overwhelming array of food dishes and the room is kind of small compared to other strip buffets, but its not cramped or crowded &amp; the price is reasonable.
As anyone can tell from my reviews, most of my time in Vegas is spent around a buffet table.  We were staying at the Mirage and decided to go downstairs to the buffet for breakfast.  We got there around 9:30 and there was no line for a Monday morning.  The inside of Cravings felt a little stuffy as it seemed like it was in the middle of the casino floor.  The décor was definitely a no fuss but that did not matter so much to me since all I wanted to do was eat food.  There was an omelet station, which was provided ready made omelets.  The guy who was making them was fast and quick and it tasted really good.  However, I did not really enjoy anything else.  The potatoes and eggs did not taste fresh and felt that it was sitting out.  Instead of trying another food item, I just got another omelet and paired it with some fresh fruit.  I also saw the dessert area, which was surprisingly pretty big.  I tried a cookie from there and it was pretty tasty.  Overall, I think that the buffet&#39;s food is 2 stars, but I upped one star for omelet and the dessert area.
Somehow my family always ends up on Vegas for Christmas Eve/holidays...so I&#39;ve had my fair share of buffets from The Buffet to Wicked Spoon.Cravings is definitely not a top-tier buffet on the level of quality and &#34;gourmet&#34; like WS or TB as I mentioned above. BUT what they lack in Vegas-status-quality, they have in quantity and affordable pricing! I HIGHLY recommend visiting tix4dinner at any of their booths on The Strip, or calling them and asking about their discounted buffet prices because our family of four saved $40 by getting our discounted buffet dinner on Christmas Eve! IT&#39;S NOT SHADY, trust me!Anyways, for about $27/per person for our Christmas Eve dinner, we waited for only 30 minutes (we were in the early end of the line) and THUS BEGAN THE FEAST. Cravings is well known for their UNLIMITED wine and beer...but they only have Goose Island IPA, Bud Light, and a red/white/pink from Libery Creek. OPEN BAR, ANYONE?! HAHA, but seeing as it was dinner, our family kept the vino flowing all night. It wasn&#39;t bad, but it was definitely average wine. No complaints over here, as it paired really well with my favorites: pasta bar (Astes was the BEST pasta chef--and she was so easy to talk to and really kept a positive attitude during her shift), steamed crab legs, the veggie spring rolls, and OF COURSE dessert. Faves were the cheesecake (I HAD THREE!!), fruit tart, and various cupcakes. Cookies were HELLA stale (UM EW) and the gelato was so watery it melted when I walked all the way to the opposite end of the room where our table was...sad.I would TOTALLY come back here again. I mean, I&#39;ve waited for over an HOUR at Wicked Spoon for dinner a few years back...and grant it, the food was definitely over the top and I felt spoiled rotten, BUT I wouldn&#39;t pay $80/per person when I can just get FULL AND BUFFET&#39;D at Cravings for $27/per person with the same types of foods!! GO CRAVINGS, it&#39;s totally underrated.
Went for early dinner on a weekday around 5 pm. There was a line of about 20 people and it moved pretty slowly. Once we were seated, we were very surprised to find the restaurant almost empty. I don&#39;t understand the wait if the restaurant is barely half full. Empty tables everywhere. Food was mostly average, however the clam chowder, make your own tacos (especially loved the fresh guacamole), and tamales were really good. They also have a pasta cooking station which was good. They didn&#39;t have a menu or list indicating which pasta types, sauces, or other ingredients you can add to your pasta which was very unpractical. You&#39;d have to peek into the cooking station to try and get a glimpse of what&#39;s available. I had bowtie pasta with alfredo sauce, pesto, and bacon. Crab legs were small and dry, prosciutto and cheeses were dry (you can tell they&#39;ve been left out a while - maybe since breakfast or lunch), ribs were dry (sauce was good though, so it&#39;s a shame the meat was so dry), pizza tasted old. Dessert was super meh. Small selection and all of it tasted stale (pastries, cookies, and cakes were all very dry). Only decent thing were the mini cupcakes (the kind you buy in a 12-pack at the grocery store...)Servers were good with clearing dirty plates. Overall, I would not return to this buffet unless it was super cheap (which it isn&#39;t).
Okay, honestly this is kind of disappointed buffet experience I have ever had. The foods are just foods, nothing really impressed me. I got 30% off coupon at the outside, but I would rather spend more on better places.For example, the fruit are not sweet and fresh at all.
Pretty disappointing - came November 2014 for brunch, and the main course dishes just did not deliver. Yet, from this, I learned a couple of take-aways:1. don&#39;t come during the weekends - yes, they serve bottomless mimosas, but if you&#39;re a weak drinker like me, you&#39;ll most probably better off with other buffets. 2. don&#39;t listen to MLife desk - they have no clue on discounts available at the buffets - you can use AAA card for 20% discount on total bill3. weekday buffet is better, yet if you insist on coming weekends, go to Rodizio  instead (heard great things about them and plan on going there next time)4. I would rank Cravings after: Caesar&#39;s Palace Buffet, Planet Hollywood, Le Village, the Spice Market, and a slew of others - Cravings just was upsetting. The service was pretty good, but overall - one just has a higher expectation for the food availability and Cravings was not able to fulfill 1/10th of the expectations - but still, I give them credit for the dessert bar and prime roast.
Good service (I think our sever name was Rhonda?) She was super friendly. We went during brunch and for brunch the food options was pretty amazing. I usually don&#39;t eat much but man, I was so full. I really enjoyed the carved bacon for all you bacon lovers  they also had vanilla cappuccino which was very good, poured it over ice so made myself iced latte/ coffee whatever you call it.
Probably someone else set a super high expectation for me regarding Las Vegas buffet, I was expecting at least 3-star food here. But later I realize what you expect to get with 30 bucks all-you-can-eat... the foods are either way salty (we are talking about all meats here, beef, pork and chicken) or without any flavor (here I mean ALL veges and seafood)... every dish taste like sea, or sugar, or nothing. It&#39;s basically a very healthy version of vege and very junky meat that at least looks healthy... My bad for going with buffet on a Christmas Eve which literally ruins my night... luckily I got something afterward that I booked way ahead of time just in case anything went wrong with my food. On the good side, fruits are freshly cut which are satisfying, if you are a cantaloupe lover and can&#39;t find fresh fruits elsewhere around here, feel free to stop by and buy your $30 fruit basket. Another bright side, food safety is not an issue, which is in fact great.
Very mediocre. You get what you paid for. Its cheaper of the buffets in Vegas. The biggest disappointment was the asian section and the dessert section. Selections were so limited in those sections and the desserts&#39; qualities were no more than just any neighborhood buffet level, which is a let down considering this is Vegas. Their best section is the Italian section! Really delicious soup selections and pasta! Don&#39;t have much to say but if you&#39;re wanting to fulfill your vegas buffet fantasies, this isnt the place, go for bellagio or caesar&#39;s palace buffets. But this is a good, affordable, decent place to eat if you want to eat alot but dont really care too much about enjoying a luxurious meal.
Came to this buffet after a day of hiking at Zion national park in Utah. We weren&#39;t expecting much from it, being the fact that it was in the mirage hotel &amp; we hadn&#39;t really heard of it but it was definitely a nice surprise. The food was pretty good &amp; there were pretty good selections. They also had stone crab claws when we were there &amp; I ate like 5 plates of those. They also had a pasta station where they make the pasta on the spot for you. I believe they have two different sauces &amp; types of pastas each day that you can choose from, and then you can choose any of the toppings available to be added into the pan. It was really good.. I ended up getting both sauces &amp; had two plates of pasta. I also ate some of the snow crab legs &amp; a various selection of other food. Granted, I was under the influence when I came here, but I really thought that this buffet was good &amp; that it was underrated. I don&#39;t remember much of the dessert selection but I ate mostly the ice cream for dessert. I would definitely recommend this buffet if you&#39;re not looking to splurge on the more pricier buffets on the strip.
My family got this deal where we as a family of five ate dinner buffet for like $40 total which was great. Normally it is $40/person, and after eating here I have to say it&#39;s probably not worth $40/person.The food is mediocre. It reminds me of a slightly sophisticated Golden Corral except I think Golden Corral is better value. The Asian food was a bit dry and tasted really Americanized.My sisters really liked the crab legs. I like how there was a vat of butter just waiting for you.The desserts were okay. The fruit was sweet. They had mini fruit tarts which I appreciated because I absolutely adore fruit tarts.
Nothing too special about this place. But it wasn&#39;t bad. I guess I was expecting a better selection considering it&#39;s a vegas buffet. They didn&#39;t have a lot of Sunday brunch stuff and their &#34;Asian food&#34; section was all Indian. The desserts are pretty good though.
Came here with my buddies for dinner on a Saturday night.  Went to get the &#34;coupon&#34; from Tix4Tonight before coming here.  Paid $2 each person for the coupon and went straight to Cravings around 7:45p-8pm (Saturday night).  Surprisingly, there was NO LINE! We were quickly seated by the friendly staff.  We paid $25 ea at the restaurant ($27 ea after the coupon).  This buffet had the normal range of choices including salad, soups, sushi, pizza, carving station, snow crab legs (hot and cold), etc.  They also had the Coke Freestyle machines so you can choose what soda combination you want.  Also included in the price was unlimited beer and wine (beer selection was limited to Bud Light or Blue Moon and their own wine selection).  To start off, I got some sushi, but was a little disappointed with the lack of selection.  There was not the usual assortment of nigiri and only had what I believe was yellowtail.  No salmon or tuna.  Taste was alright, not the greatest, but not the worse.  My first cut of prime rib was well done and did not taste that great at all, but I ended up eating it anyway.  Gave it another shot when one of my buddies got a cut that had some red to it.  That piece was a lot better!  He gave me the smallest sliver, which I took because I was getting full, but the person behind me asked for a thick piece and was given one.  I went back for 2-3 plates of snow crab legs, as I always do, which was good, but not at the level of Bacchanal.  The legs were smaller and didn&#39;t have as much meat in them as some strip buffets, but tasted fine.  They had a pretty good selection of dessert ranging from cakes to ice cream/frozen yogurt which was pretty good!  Only got the froyo and got some toppings as well.Overall, it was a decent experience.  Not the best, but definitely not the worse.  We will likely be back to give it another shot.  The price with the coupon helped make it a little more worth it!  Next time, I want to try the chef&#39;s station that had fresh pasta.
Not sure why the quality has gone down. Crab legs were the skinniest I&#39;ve ever seen and the temperature of the food was warm at best. The Asian section is being renovated but that should not impact their standards. If it does they should inform customers or reduce the price. I have always enjoyed it before and looked forward to eating here. I won&#39;t be back. There are many other choices!
All of their food were good. Bottomless drinkinging option with Beer and Wine is a plus. Italian station Pasta is really good. Latin section beef is really good. There are few items od Sushi which are good as well. Salmon is baked and lottle friend which gives it smoky. Food quality pricewise is really recommended.
A lot to choose from. They try and have a little bit of everything for every ethnic groups. Huge selection of food for a reasonable price. Nothing is that good though, it&#39;s pretty much buffet quality, don&#39;t expect too much.
Lots of varieties. But the food tasted very average for a widespread buffet. The Italian section had omelettes being served. Desserts were not bad, liked their double chocolate mousse.
First off, I only went here because my mom did a museum tour and the locals that gave the tour said this place was the best buffet for the price.  When I went with my wife and parents, we were amazingly surprised.First, I am active duty military and my dad is retired military.  When we went to pay before entering, we found out its about 50% off for military.  That took the ~$75 bill per person and made it much more favorable.Second, it was unlimited wine and beer, they had Draft Beer (some type of micro-brew I don&#39;t really drink beer) and Moscato (sweet white wine that my wife and mom love) - so it was pretty awesome.  Third, the food was amazing diverse.  Usually the seafood is old stale crab legs or some small amount of good stuff... This place had tons of fresh shrimp, crab legs, oysters, and a seafood soup that was pretty bomb.  They had both well done and medium rare prime rib, turkey, and the normal sides for a carving station.  Chinese section with your normal selections with all fresh vegetabls which was pretty amazing.  An Italian section, with a create your own pasta bar thing - which was pretty entertaining.  They also had a Japanese/Sushi area which although not the best, worked out.The deserts were plentiful and they had crème Brule (however you spell it) which both my wife and mother love.The fact they are military friendly, have a diverse selection, and everything is fresh makes this place a great choice to go to if you ever have the chance.  I will definitely go again next time I go here.
Last Friday, there were massive lines at two of our favorite Strip buffets (Bellagio and Cosmopolitan). As a last resort we  tried Cravings, which is the buffet in the Mirage. Based on this experience, I jacked up the ratings a star.  The neat thing about Cravings is that there has never been lines on my visits. I was thinking that it is unpopular. Not the case. The place is huge, which eliminates wait times.  I have experienced many buffets, and the food was quality. Maybe, the deserts could be better. The live Asian station serves fantastic won ton soup.   All in all the food tasted good. The server was on top of refills.  Oh. And it costs around $28. As a local, Cravings is a good treat once in awhile.
I really felt this buffet was too pricy for the food that was offered. I expected to be overwhelmed with amazing dishes that made me want to go back for seconds and thirds. This was not the case. Instead, I found this place to be average, at best. I really love the Mirage and just so sad that the buffet didn&#39;t meet my expectations. Our server, I forgot his name, was awesome! He was friendly and helpful, but the station cooks were kinda cranky. Totally not the vibe I want on my vacation! I&#39;m giving it three stars only because Cravings offers all you can drink beer and house wine. So if you drink for a couple hours, it&#39;s definitely worth it.
My wife and I came here on our last day for their breakfast buffet... at this point we had already eaten at 5 other buffets.... We weren&#39;t exactly sure what to expect but boy are we glad we came here!!  If you want to start your day off right EAT BREAKFAST HERE!!!   You could eat breakfast here for a month straight and you would literally never have to eat the same thing.  Think of a of hot and cold breakfast items and this breakfast buffet probably has it... the waitress was a huge help because the place is huge and she took the 5 mins to explain where everything is and the items that she liked.  Along with custom omelets made to order they also had a variety of premade breakfast items as well as a few brunch and lunch items... Even if I don&#39;t stay at the Mirage the next time I come to Vegas I will still come here for breakfast and will probably try out their dinner buffet to see if it can match its breakfast...
Located in The Mirage, this is one of the better buffets I&#39;ve eaten at on the strip. It offers good value! The food quality is better than others for approximately the same price. It&#39;s in a brighter, more modern-trendy atmosphere. I do not typically seek out buffets but I would eat here again if staying at the Mirage.
I&#39;m not sure if I&#39;m so dissatisfied here of their food &amp; service because we&#39;ve had better the previous night, but one thing I know for sure is that I will definitely not be coming back here to eat in Las Vegas. The girls and I while coming here to eat dinner before heading out had to wait in a tremendous line, only to find out that there was nobody even seated in the inside of the restaurant! Then we decided to get out food after being seated, only to be let to another downfall. The food quality was horrible compared to other buffets I&#39;ve been to. The food was not stirred from the workers, as you can see the old residue from the food just sitting there on the food warmers. Also, the taste of the food was to DRY for my expectations, can&#39;t say the same for everyone else. However, the buffet did some with an all inclusive bar which includes wines, champagnes, and mimosas too. The highlight of this buffet for myself would probably be the dessert bar for the food wasn&#39;t so great.
It&#39;s cheap, without a doubt. $25 per person and they serve all day, unlimited beers and wine.They have King Crab Legs, which are nice. But other food is not too special.I did expect good dessert, however i only felt good with fruit. But we had credits for the room. So it was fine.
Pro tip: Try and grab one of the cravings buffet vouchers from the tix4tonight booth across the street! For $2 you get a voucher that ends up saving you something like 1/3 - 1/2 of your bill ~$10 off. Overall this was definitely a decent buffet for the strip. Everything was decent quality, but don&#39;t expect that to be synonymous with authentic. For example, the sushi. First, woo hoo, there&#39;s sushi!! But I&#39;m not even sure how you physically pack rice so tightly. Biting into the rice of nigiri was like biting into a sausage. Some of the pasta from the italian station also tasted like the marina sauce came from a can. But beyond a couple dishes, mostly everything was in the 3.5 stars and above range. There was also a fairly large variety of dishes to choose from. It seems that cravings is willing to spend the money on decent food, and they include beer and wine. I think their focus should be on now improving the authenticity of cuisine and maybe even going beyond to offer drinks like thai ice tea and a wider variety of desserts like crepes or sticky rice with mango. That would definitely get cravings noticed and differentiate them the rest on the strip.
great brunch. The Chinese entrees are the best. The omelette station was also very good. Happy with the drink selection as well. The desserts were amazing. Worth the money
The Good: Omelette station, deli section, prime rib.The Bad: Quality of food that was sitting around was not great.The Review: I remember going here awhile back and loving my experience. This time I was left very disappointed. The first thing we did after we landed on Sunday morning was eat at this buffet. I loooooove breakfast buffets so I was happy to see we made it in time for the brunch hour. The place wasn&#39;t very packed so lines weren&#39;t an issue (as they typically are for dinner). My first order of business was to get a nice omelette...it did not disappoint.  The placement of the usual side dishes you&#39;d find with breakfast and the quality did disappoint, however. The hashbrowns were in the Latin section, the bacon was in the carving area. The hasbrowns had no taste, and felt like they&#39;ve been sitting out for awhile.Second order of business was to get a nice prime rib, this did not disappoint.Then I finished my time at the deli section with an assortment of sliced meats, smoked salmon, and cheese and crackers. This was pretty good as well...hmm I started this review at 2 stars, but I think I just talked myself into giving it 3.Overall I wasn&#39;t very impressed and expected a lot more for a $30 buffet, but it wasn&#39;t that bad.
I&#39;ve tried this buffet a few times many many years ago....vague memory.Recently I used the MyVegas &#39;2 for 1&#39; discount to try this place out again (we were starving...so had to look for a nearby buffet).  Pretty wide selection of cultural food, however I think overall they had way too much carbohydrate dishes.  The flavors of each dish per culture were all fairly similar too...not much flavor distinction.  The physical look of the buffet seems a bit outdated as well.  The dessert station wasn&#39;t up to par, compared to other nearby buffets.Overall, this buffet has everything you want if you are starving! However, if it weren&#39;t for the MyVegas deal that I claimed, the quality of food here would not be worth $37/person.  There are other Vegas buffets on the strip that offer much better quality for about the same price.
The scrambled eggs were pretty nasty and looked like curdled cheese. Also, the juice machine was extremely watery because they forgot to refill the concentrate. However the French toast was pretty good and they had corned beef.
One of the worst buffet we have been to. Maybe it&#39;s because we went in at a later time for lunch, regardless of the time they should have more of a variety of foods. With the few foods choices available  VERY few were edible entrées. My kids are not fussy with their food, but for my kids to comment &#34; Souplantation is a fraction of the cost of here and they have more salads choices than here.&#34; You can&#39;t really go wrong with salads, but this buffet doesn&#39;t even have the basic starter choices. Total waste of money and Very disappointed.
Come here for lunch, pass on dinner.Cravings has been a permanent fixture on my buffet outings during my last couple of Vegas trips. They get the salad done right (just tell them easy on the dressing) and the duck noodle soup here is good.I am not a big fan of their sushi- the rice is not made properly and it definitely gets you more full than you&#39;d want to. There usually isn&#39;t  a line here so that&#39;s a plus. Pretty average buffet in my opinion.
Many choices here, environment is nice, servers are good and friendly.I love the name - cravings
Cravings: A HaikuNot bad, but not greatPrime Rib was spot on, More please!Rubbery Seafood
Alright, so the food here isn&#39;t the best in the world... BUT it&#39;s not the worst either.There are actually gems in this buffet... the Singapore fried noodles were amazing (spicy, full of flavor), the prime rib was tender and juicy, and their chocolate cookie was rich and soft.It&#39;s probably one of the better strip buffets (quality to price ratio wise), rivaling Harrah&#39;s  casino buffet (the property itself, not the &#34;King of Buffets&#34; promo).I liked it.  I think if I have to go to a strip buffet, this would be a decent pick.
Awesome place! Used myvegas reward 2 for 1 brunch buffet. Cost about $37 on a Saturday. Then they handed a coupon for another 2for1 buffet deal for next visit. Immediately our server gave us mimosas. Well that gave me a good buzz and they just keep pouring it! Awesome  servers! Glad I read the yelp review and went to this place for buffet. Food is average. Im easy to please. They have all the selections that I love.  Cant go wrong if you pick this place.
Cheaper buffet and they have stations easily labeled by type of food (raw bar, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, etc). Overall I felt the food was subpar compared to other buffets in the Strip hotels but this one is probably a little cheaper. They at least have variety though sadly I found the best things for me were the lobster bisque and the gelato dessert.2 stars for the average food, decent variety, but ultimately disappointing fare. Maybe the variety here just wasn&#39;t for my taste buds.Gripes about buffets in general:Buffets are hard to get right in my opinion. The high cost of food just for the variety isn&#39;t usually worth it. I&#39;d rather have a hot meal made-to-order, than trying to stuff myself with mediocre lukewarm food.
Food here is mediocre.   Don&#39;t waste your money at this buffet.  Only reason we went here is because the hotel comp us.  Every thing barely made par.  Food was just food here.  Only thing I remotely enjoyed was the .... I can&#39;t even remember... sad.Oh gelato was good! Two stars for that!!
After hearing about how good the Mirage buffet is, I finally had the opportunity to give it a go. Price is excellent especially using the Tix4Tonight coupon. The line wasn&#39;t very long and we were able to get seated very quick. The biggest disappointment for me is we sat near the entrance of the buffet and were exposed to the casino smoke. My scent of the food was overridden by cigarette smell. I think if I was closer into the restaurant I would&#39;ve enjoyed it much more. The asian area was very limited, with only 4-5 items in the Japanese section and 4-5 items in the Chinese section. The prime rib was great and went well with the steamed crab legs. Desserts were average at best. A pie I tried tasted very stale. Nice selection of soft drinks at the soda machine; close-by were cappuccino machines and a bar that served 2 selections of draft beer and wine. Overall great quality for the price compared to other buffets on the Strip and I would go back.
&#34;Wow. Bulk City&#34; were the exact words of my African-Filipino-American roommate as he stepped onto the premise. I proceeded to see him stack plate after plate of remnant seafood and other ethnic delicacies. His happiness was short-lived two hours later when the overly buff creature held his gut  and writhed in pain at the amount of food he had consumed. Your time at Cravings Buffet at Mirage will be the most magnificent during, but just learn to pace yourself as with everything in life. There was quite the selection to choose from and is pretty standard for a Las Vegas buffet. What stood out the most were the crab legs that were prepared so the customers wouldn&#39;t have to doggedly dig for the meat inside. As well, the prime rib and the salmon were top notch. I am extremely picky about salmon and there&#39;s no other way to describe it as best as my roommate had: &#34;The salmon melts in my mouth. How is this possible?&#34; Other than that, the other selections of food did not really stand out. Some of my friends claimed that the desert were some of the best they have tasted. I&#39;m not a huge fan of deserts, so I refrained from weighing on the matter. All in all, I would say for $30 it is not a bad choice to fill up on an empty stomach.
The dilemma for having buffet is that they have over 500 kinds of food and how you gonna take them all.My solution is take the food I like first and then take the most expensive dish in the buffet. Lobster. The have nice and actually awesome cupcakes and each and every kind looks cute. And the seating for the is spacious. Worth to take a shot.
strictly not for vegetarians as they add chicken powder and broth in almost all the main dishes. they haven&#39;t even spared &#34;yellow rice&#34; or &#34;vegetable noodles&#34;. chefs are helpful  enlightening us with our veggie options (hardly anything except a pizza) and were kind enough to make some fresh french fries but that was it!good selection of deserts though and value for money for general crowd given that the lunch buffet came to 14$ thru tix4tonight.
Not the best buffet in Vegas, very mediorce at best. Only came here because it was free thanks to myVegas FB app :) Here are items that are decent but not spectacular:1) Prime Rib - this could very well be a hit or miss but when I got it was decent2) Shrimp - be careful, they served some shrimp that were stilll frozen.. wth.. take them prongs and give them a nice tap to see if it&#39;s still frozen3) Macaroon cookies - surprisingly decent4) Smoked Salmon - thank goodness they can&#39;t screw this one up5) Crab legs - mediorce, wasn&#39;t that good, wasn&#39;t that badHere are items that were just utter gross and not worth an attempt to eat for next time (if any..)1) Mussels (mushy mushy mushy)2) Beef Pho soup (beef chewy chewy, soup bland - no taste)3) Sushi (gross...)Since it was free, I okay with not getting my full money&#39;s worth to fill myself up on crappy food.If you want decent buffets, you need to pay up for them or rather line up in order to get seated. This place was pretty deserted. Not worth a 2nd visit, even if it was free. I rather pay for better quality food.
For the reputation of the casino, this is a horrible place to eat! You will feel you are eating at a high school cafeteria! No variety and you can taste the bad quality right after you finished your lunch/dinner! They include free alcohol but that&#39;s bud lights or the cheapest wine you be ever had!!Avoid it at any cost!
This was my first time at a Vegas buffet, and I was definitely disappointed. 2 stars for the price, and the crab legs alone. Oh and maybe the soda machine, which had quite the variety. Other than that, the options and flavors of the food were just.. Meh. The gelato is served in a soft serve machine, which didn&#39;t even really taste like gelato. The desserts were bland, and the food was just your average items, nothing that was AMAZING. Probably won&#39;t be back, next time I&#39;ll be at Caesars buffet which I have heard so much about.
I paid $80 dollars for me and my lady to enjoy one last buffet on the strip. Over all the food was great, presentation was on par. The only problem, which is a deal breaker for who ever you are, is that we were sat next to these loud cholas and cholo who were cussing and yelling, that could be heard from across the buffet... Which is reasonably large. Their topic of discussion was wanting to have MORE children with their significant others while they were dealing with cheating spouses and other terribly inappropriate topics. Our waiter, Alex, had asked them to keep it down once, but then they started speaking Spanish with Alex and they started joking around. Soon enough, the waiter ignored their rowdiness and my lady and I ended up listening to grotesque details of the unfortunate souls we were sitting next to. All in all, the food and price for a place can be the best in town. If the staff has the lack of respect for the consideration of the customer as a whole, then the business shouldn&#39;t be rated anything better than a brothel where STD&#39;s run a muck. Because quite honestly, that&#39;s how I felt after enduring these people&#39;s loud, annoying conversation.
We were staying at the Mirage and since we were all really tired from our first day here, we decided to give it a try. We came here for dinner on a Saturday night and we were seated right away.My first impression with this place was that it is very expensive. I believe it was almost $40 a person. I thought the food selection was going to have some good specials and options for that price. Boy was I wrong...I was very disappointed as soon as I walked around and realized that there isn&#39;t anything special. In fact, everything they served there you could get at any buffet for more than half the price. The seafood selection was lacking many things that you would normally expect for a $40.00 buffet. There were no crab legs and they had very little shrimp entrees to choose from. On top of that, everything here tasted just okay. Definitely not worth the price!The only thing that was good about this buffet was the fact that they had so many different types of food to chose from. Also, they did have a lot of selection, but nothing special at all. I will definitely not come back here in my future visit to Vegas and I do not recommend this place to anyone, unless they have different rates for lunch.
The worst Buffet I&#39;ve been to in Las Vegas. 0/5 Service: Service could&#39;ve been a lot better, In a group of 8 plates tend to stack up and our buser was no where to be found. Drinks ran low, also they were stingy on the napkins. Seriously for $29.99 I expected a lot better. 0/5 Food: Wish I had good comments to say about the food but no. The food lacked flavor and the meat cuts has a lot of fat or they were over salted. The seafood section lacked everything. You could tell the grab legs were very thin, dry, and just tasted rubbery. They had small little shot glasses of different shrimps like, shrimp cocktail, shrimp cevice, nothing tasted $29.99.0/5 Price: $29.99 + tax + gratuity. They must know their buffet sucks because they charge you gratuity at the door. This place is definitely NOT WORTH IT.  2/5 Desert: The desert area was very modern and cute probably the only thing good about this place is that it had Gelato and a good amount of variety of choices. 0/5 Ambiance: I felt this buffet was rather small, and definitely not worth it. For 29.99 Dinner I expected a lot more varieties of foods from different cultures but this buffet lacked everything. It was DIRTY, flies were flying around my table as we dined. Very annoying and disgusting. How does a fly get in a casino anyways?
I give one star because the only thing I ate that was good was the omelette. I mean you can&#39;t mess up a bacon and spinach omelette...can you? Everything else was disgusting, tasteless, bland, flavorless and just down right gross. I only tried this place because it was part of the runner perks for the Rock and Roll marathons, so it wasn&#39;t a first choice for buffet. Now I know where to NOT go. The &#34;waiters&#34; are not even waiters, they are just busboys. You have to grab your own drink, they don&#39;t even bring it for you, including sodas, teas, beer and drinks at the bar, you get yourself. All they do is pick up your plates. So basically its not too much service on their end. It&#39;s sad because there alot of food here, but they are all horrible. Pick another place!!!
Two words: UNLIMITED BOOZE!However, the food here is whatever considering for a similar price I can go to bachannal or wicked spoon. The food here is pretty in the middle for me. My favorite thing are the king crab legs, prime rib and salmon. However, a lot of the food here were stale or utter failures. I am surprised I didn&#39;t break my teeth on the garlic bread here or macarons. Pretty much, some stuff were super cold and old and they just leave it there... they need to do a better job of switching stuff out.However, they have goose island ipa, a solid cab, chard and a solid dessert zinfadel. I hate to admit but the drinks here outrank the food. Compared to the above listed buffets, the desserts here were just miserable. Nothing tasted amazing. If not for my buy one get one free, I would never try this buffet.Just save yourselves the money and go to bachannal.
My friend and I came here on December 21st for dinner after it was recommended to us by the Tix4tonight because it was close to our show&#39;s location.  We thought... meh why not? The ambiance of the place was pretty good and the waitstaff there were very hospitable - the only aspects that prevents it from getting one star. Other than that, I would definitely not go back.The food, first of all, was HORRIBLE.  For the price of almost $30, I&#39;ve never been to a buffet more terrible than this one.  Basically, it&#39;s an International Buffet with foods: Chinese, Japanese, Latin, Italian, BBQ/roasted meats, seafoods... and of course all-you-can-drink beer, wine and non-alcoholic stuff.  The crab legs were tasteless, sushi rolls were unimpressive (rice was too hard), their Chinese food consisted mostly of North Americanized creations.  At the Italian stations, their food was lukewarm.   I&#39;ve walked around the buffet many many circles to find things I&#39;d like to eat but unfortunately didn&#39;t have too many things on my plate.  Besides the dessert station which was okay, their food selection, variety and quality was inadequate.  When tasting the food, it just doesn&#39;t taste fresh and we were both really really disappointed.
Cravings is just your typical above average buffet on the Strip and when I mean above average, I mean a notch above Excalibur and a notch below Bellagio in my honest opinion. The service here is excellent and the floor is very clean and well maintained compared to other strip buffets. My favorite part of the buffet is the seafood section because I&#39;m such a huge fan of the big shrimp cocktail and the king crab legs!! Mmm mm TASTY!!...The sushi section offers 4 different kinds of handrolls (Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail and Scallops), and 3 different kinds of Japanese salad, Soybeans, cut rolls and miso soup.Meat section offers Turkey, Roast Beef, Prime Rib, Barbeque and other stuff. Then they have the Mexican, Italian and deli areas but the section that needs some work is the dessert section because you have to squeeze in between the dessert island and the cake shelf if there are other guests grabbing dessert and it just feels so cramped. Another thing that bothers me is the section between the seafood and Mexican food because you&#39;d have to walk across a small part of the dining hall to get to the other section and I think it would be better if they extended the tile connecting both stations rather then walking on the carpet. Like the other Yelpers said it feels like eating in a cafeteria and I do agree with them. The breakfast buffet was actually excellent but pricey (Vegas strip price) and the omelet was a hit with my eggs cooked to perfection. Just delicious!I would definitely eat here again bit if you want to save some money, go to the buffet and 1 - 2 Hours before lunch or dinner starts to avoid paying the full price.Minus 2 stars for the Dessert section and the layout of the buffet.
Nothing to eat here. And it&#39;s overpriced. I ate pasta to get away from starving. Very small section. Not even 1/3 of Caesars, 1/2 of Wyne, but  it is almost expensive as all other buffet. Do not waste your money!!!
I enjoyed the huge selection of food and found it to be flavorful and fresh.I&#39;m don&#39;t think it&#39;s worth $37.00/person (weekend dinner), but I used the MyVegas &#34;2 for 1&#34; discount  so it was slightly under $20.00/person. It includes &#34;all you drink&#34; beer  and wine (something new) so if you like to drink, it could be a deal for you, but when drinks are comped everywhere [in Vegas] it doesn&#39;t seem to be a big deal to me.As already mentioned in other reviews, you have to go to the &#34;bar&#34; or &#34;drink station&#34; for all drinks and refills. So why would anyone leave a tip for the wait staff when you need to get your own drinks?This is my 2nd or 3rd time here, but if you&#39;re having to pay the full price to eat here I strongly suggest you to consider going to the buffets at the Wynn, Bellagio, or Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan) before choosing Cravings.
$35 per person. Maybe I expected too much from a Vegas buffet but there were just too many no&#39;s about this place. Food was overall just okay (although dessert is a different story). Long story short, not much selection of food, everything was way too salty, the stations of food were usually empty, and the line for the seafood section was ridiculously long all the time. The only thing worth getting here in my opinion was the italian section (and italian is not my go-to food). The pizza was cheesy and good, and the cheese-filled tortellini and ravioli were amazing. The various types of potatoes available were impressive and all delicious. However, everything else in the buffet was at best mediocre. Save some of those calories for dessert - the pumpkin cheesecake, chocolate brownie, and various shooters are all worth getting!
Compared to other buffets in the Strip, this place is definitely sub par.The dining area looks nothing like a resort standard restaurant.Very limited food options and poorly presented. The only two things that were worth the money were crab legs and prime ribs and theyre not even seasoned well.
The quality of this buffet has gone way downhill for sure.  If you are on a no shellfish, no carb diet, expect to go hungry at this buffet as your dish choices are super limited not that good either.  But on another note, free unlimited beer and wine is included with the buffet for those who can drink.
I was here before for brunch and had an amazing time. Food was amazing with tons of options to choose from. When i came back, the food is now ok and no longer amazing. Food options have become smaller. A lot of the food choices were mainly carbs.  I would be back if I knew they went back to their old food options.
I&#39;ve only been here for the breakfast buffet, and I really enjoyed everything they offered. But, it&#39;s really hard to go wrong with breakfast food.This is where I tried my first eggs benedict and was HOOKED from that point on. Omelettes, eggs, french toast, waffles, sausages, bacon, and more that were good quality and might tasty.Staff was very attentive at refilling drinks, and although it was not super cheap for a weekend breakfast buffet, it was totally worth it! I would definitley go back and fill up at their breakfast buffet.
I came here on a Saturday evening, and we got 2 buffets for $42 (We used a casino BOGO, $37.82 with tax). The meal also came with unlimited wine and beer. - We came around 8pm, which was a great time for us because we didn&#39;t have to wait in line for a while. There was just 1 couple ahead of us. I thought that was pretty good for a Saturday night. It took less than 10min for us to be seated at our table. - I suggest starting off with the shrimp cocktails and crab legs. The line can get pretty long, but if you time it right, your meal will start off great. The shrimp cocktails are pretty big too compared to Feast Buffet. Crab legs not as meaty as Bellagio. - Their wanton soup was pretty good but not as good as the Rio Carnival World. - Prime rib was average like any other buffet like Feast, but there is no grill if you wanted it Med-well or well done like Sam&#39;s Town. - I did enjoy their seafood stew. It had a lot of scallop and clams in it, less small shell bits, few corn. - Avoid the steamed cod. It was a bit tough and flavorless. - Do mack on the BBQ spare ribs! It was tender and so saucy! I loved it. It was especially tasty with the creamed corn. I love corn! :D nom nom- The sushi was filler for me so after a few, I didn&#39;t bother getting more- Their dim sum was pretty good. I suggest that you should at least grab one of each. Don&#39;t get the Ramen though. The noodle tasted like Maruchan. meehhhhh! But I did really like the egg! - I don&#39;t care much for the desserts, but my girlfriend thought it was worth trying. Don&#39;t expect to find macarons here though!- Although I did not drink the wine, I did get the beer. The choice was between a Bud Light or a pale ale. Each time I got a drink, there were at least 2 or 3 people ahead of me. I suggest double fisting to reduce the wait time. Haha. - Friendly service. Clean and fine dining.
A wide selection of food. Very wide, but nothing exceptional to be honest. The prime rib was great and some of the Asian stuff but other than that largely meh. But the sheer range of the spread, the fact that house wines beer is included in the offering and the lazy pace at which you can enjoy a meal without being interrupted are really nice features of this buffet. Will be back probably just for that.
This place is a really good deal! I was able to easily use my 2 for 1 coupon with no hassle! It costed less than 20 bucks for me and my husband to eat. There was a pretty okay selection of food. It was very tasty! There was also no wait at all to get into this buffet. I would return again for breakfast.
As a LV strip buffet connoisseur, I frequently hit if Cravings due to consistent quality, affordable prices and short lines!During my latest visit, the buffet done some remodeling and created a giant drink station.  WARNING: You may be overwhelmed by the endless options of sodas, juices and coffees.
Too pricy for a vegan. They don&#39;t have that option. Had a bowl of salad. Fantastic salad but rest was blah. Horrible Asian selection. Kimchi &amp; tofu soup was okay but Italian &amp; rest was hohum. Seafood stunk. Meat platters were disgusting to look at but what am I to do with a family of 10. I was out voted. If they had vegan choice at 1/2 price I wouldn&#39;t be giving them 1 star. $35 for small bowl of greens is just too much.
After reading the mixed reviews, we went to Cravings with fairly low expectations.  We were seeing the Beatles LOVE show later that night, so we got a discount on the buffet.  We were pleasantly surprised though by the quality of the food.  We mainly stuck to the things that looked appetizing and didn&#39;t bother trying anything else.  Things I would recommend:-the all you can drink wine (included for free)-prime rib (honestly, the best we had out of all the vegas buffets)-bbq ribs (we preferred them even over the ones at bacchanal)-salmon handrolls (sushi)-gelato (chocolate, pistachio, mint chocolate chip, and vanilla)Overall, the buffet is nothing fancy, but it has a few stellar options!
One of the best buffets I&#39;ve been to. Beer, wine and mimosas were included with the buffet. Price is reasonable and most of the food was AMAZING. Plus they have those awesome soda machines that add the flavor syrups to any soda that you like. Only downside was that the waiter cleared our table and we weren&#39;t done yet. He did offer to go get us new drinks even though that isn&#39;t part of his job (drinks are self-service here).Definitely will be going back here.
My fiance and I came here for brunch and it was absolutely delicious. We scored a buy one get one free deal off of the free game on Facebook, MyVegas. If you&#39;re a frequent visitor (even if you aren&#39;t, rack up those loyalty points!) the benefits of playing will definitely pay out! For two people we paid approximately $25 or so, included house wine and beers. My fiance is not a huge fan or breakfast or brunch, yet still noted that this was a great buffet and everything tasted great. He even told me that we should return for dinner! The prime rib was perfect, the country fried steak was meh (dry). Staff was attentive and great, the line wasn&#39;t too shabby. If you don&#39;t really want to spend too much money but want that Vegas buffet experience- come over to Cravings!
Basic buffet with basic buffet food. Good. Not great, but for 19.99 (weekday breakfast) it was fresh, convenient, and a good value. Also included some cheap unlimited wine and beer.Includes regular breakfast fare, made to order egg station, carving station, smoke salmon, and pizzas. It&#39;s not gourmet but don&#39;t expect that and it&#39;s just fine.
I enjoyed this place. It&#39;s $5 cheaper than the Bellagio lunch buffet, and it was comparable in taste. Honestly, I don&#39;t know why everyone pees all over themselves when talking about the Bellagio buffet. If you don&#39;t consider the champagne included with brunch, it&#39;s not that fabulous.I ate too much food, I don&#39;t remember everything that I ate. The sushi wasn&#39;t inviting (but sushi at a Las Vegas buffet is usually something to be avoided anyway). The prime rib was tasty (and also the first thing I went for). The most notable thing though, was the vanilla gelato. I nearly died at first bite. They must have put a gallon of egg yolks in it, because it was DELICIOUS. I have never had vanilla gelato quite like that, and I will likely never have it anywhere else. I would seriously pay the $16 or so just to have unlimited vanilla gelato. I am quite sad I didn&#39;t know the gelato was there to begin with, otherwise I would have just eaten that for all of lunch.
No complaints for Cravings, really! I&#39;ve eaten here twice, both times for a weekend brunch &amp; I love that the selection is not too overwhelming. Organized set-up for the food because it is simply a large oval &amp; nothing in the middle besides tables. The food quality is good. 95% of everything I tried, from the pizza to dimsum, were all delicious. One thing I did not like was their Spicy Tomato Soup. Holy ishhhh, one slurp tasted like a whole bottle of hot sauce. I understand it had to be spicy but it didn&#39;t have to be dsfhdkjhsdfkgjfskjldSPICYYYYYY! Besides that one particular item, I liked their food.Don&#39;t forget the extensive dessert selection, tucked in the corner. I think I ate too much of the Creme Brulee because it was SO yummy! Really cute arrangement for the sweets but ice cream flavors could definitely improve. They need more, I think.Overall, it&#39;s a good place for a buffet. But don&#39;t expect it to be Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon-esque. Those are the big league of buffets. I consider this the minor league but consistently yummy food so I&#39;m a fan!
Fairly good buffet with tons o&#39; variety.    I do love the noodle bar where you can get wonton noodles and pho.   Yeah, it&#39;s not the best but I prefer over the prime rib.What stood out were the desserts.   Oh, MAN.   Everything looked so good, I had dessert in the middle of dinner. In my world, eating sweets in between savory is illegal.  The desserts were that irresistable.   Big props to whoever makes the sugar free desserts (chocolate mousse and chocolate cake).  I tried this on a whim and boy, I couldn&#39;t tell the difference!   I also had the orange and vanilla gelato; fab as were the fantastic BREAD PUDDING.   I&#39;d go back just for the desserts alone!
I was extremely disappointed with the food... Not one item was great. I enjoyed the Asian section the most, but again, it wasn&#39;t great. All other areas were simply bad! Including the sweats area &amp; that&#39;s hard given that I love sugar. I was truly disappointed and I feel like I waisted my money and ate things to keep trying to find something good unsuccessfully.
Price is fair for a buffet dinner, and the best thing are the Prawn and crab legs.  Surprisingly they sever wine and beer and makes the meal more complete.  The downside is their food variety is not that much and the sushi section is almost non-existent, but can&#39;t complain as they are not charging the premium price like Caesar Palace.Not crowded, so it is a very cozy place to have dinner.
I&#39;ve been to the buffet at Wynn and I&#39;ve been to Wicked Spoon. While both are spectacular choices, I think one of the biggest drawbacks of both of them is that the wait is pretty long. It can be anywhere between 40 minutes to 1.5 hours.You&#39;ll never had such a wait at cravings. Since we didn&#39;t want to wait that long and we needed some sort of sustenance to soak up all the excess alcohol we drank the night before, we decided to be efficient and go to the buffet downstairs from the Mirage, where we stayed this weekend.We arrived there around 10:30a and zipped pass the cashier since there was no line! For $28, which is $10 less than Wynn and Wicked,  we got not only entry into the buffet, but unlimited mimosas.While I wouldn&#39;t say the choice selection here is that big of a range, they did have all I wanted from a buffet. Smoked salmon, check. King crab legs, check. Prime rib, check! But one of the greatest things I discovered at this buffet was that they had Bouillabaisse!! The soup was prepared pretty well, while it doesn&#39;t compare to what I had in Marseilles in 2010, it sure hit the spot in my stomach and evoked many great memories from my time in Europe!Overall, Cravings is an underrated buffet you should consider if you don&#39;t want to wait at Wynn or Wicked. 4 stars and definitely returning again!
This has to be, hands down, the best buffet on the strip!At breakfast they have a wonderful omelet station. I couldn&#39;t get my fill! The guy behind the pan is so sweet and spends time talking to and getting to know each guest!The prime rib was insanely out of the world good! I was surprised at how much I loved it because I am not a prime rib kind of person. I loved how things were in individual servings such as the soy pods. They will make you a personalized salad, but if salad is your thing, you have no right entering a buffet. Leave now!I loved the crab legs, fresh shrimp and so much more. The Latin section was amazing with fresh guac that is heavenly. The pizza is ok, nothing to write home about but it is at the Papa John/Dominios level. I highly recommend it bc they have a full bar, it is super clean, staff is attentive and friendly and they have tons of food.Deserts are plentiful and amazing. They have a great sugar-free selection of ice creams and sorbets!
Had not been back to the Mirage in awhile. The buffet was totally remodeled, much more spacious. You could get your own drinks which was great!! The crab legs were hot, as was the butter!! Yum!! They were cut open to make it easy to extract the meat!! The Asian food was great too. The won ton noodle soup was very tasty, as were the sel mei, pot stickers and egg rolls. often times at other restaurants,  they are not. The vegetable chow mein was spot on too. There was a large variety of pizza, although a bit too doughy for me. There is even a cappuccino machine. Have to compare it to the Rio tomorrow night.
Our default buffet in Las Vegas is the one at the Wynn. While the Mirage&#39;s buffet cannot compare to the Wynn in terms of the setting or size, I was extremely impressed with it for the price point and in relation to the wait.We went for Sunday brunch, which included all-you-can-drink mimosas for $25. There was no line to get in, although there were enough people there that the food stayed fresh. I loved the Asian flair. They had four types of Asian soup at brunch (pho, congee, won ton mein, and some sort of miso noodle soup), each with the appropriate toppings available. They also had cracked crab legs (some of the Vegas buffets only serve crab at dinner), shrimp cocktail, and prime rib.  We were staying at the Mirage, and I would absolutely go back if we were to stay there again. Enjoy!
We had an AMAZING dinner! Everything was delicious and fresh.  They had quite a variety of foods, all you can drink beer and wine.  The desserts area I could not make up my mind.  Now that&#39;s what I call a buffet.
Another once legendary buffet in Vegas.  This buffet is in need of a makeover, once a jewel in Vegas it now looks outdated to me. There are still a few gems in the food selections kobe beef being one of them, but there are far better buffets to gorge your bellies at.
Went there for my first American thanksgiving with my buddies. The food there was alright. They had a great selection of food (including crab legs and oysters) but nothing felt super delicious. The all you can drink beer and wine was good though, it felt like an open bsr except our choices were limited down to 2 type of beers and 3 different wines. I would say though their dessert section was sweet. I wide selection of desserts such as cakes, pies, pastries and gelato. The dessert section itself got me excited. The price was around 37 a person, which was cheaper than the other buffet prices I have seen ($50+).
We had a free buffet pass from playing the MyVegas game on facebook. We decided to gave this buffet a shot. It was a mixed experience, here are their good and bad.Good:* The salad station. You mix your bowl and the friendly guy behind the counter will toss your salad. He had all these tricks and it was so fun. The salad tasted great too. Everything were fresh and the raspberry dressing is ohhh yummy.* Cold shrimps for appetizers are delicious.* Great selections of Asian food.* Excellent service.Bad:* Cold Crab legs were still frozen. Not good at all.* Dessert is not their expertise. They are stale and not good. Sweet tomatoes has better cookies than them. Seriously.Overall, it&#39;s a bargain if you have free buffet passes or discount. Paying full price? Go to Wicked Spoon. It will be much better.
Food is mediocre, but the price is right! $30 including all you can drink champagne and mimosas, tip included! The benefit of this kind of 3 star place in Vegas is that you can go there with a group of 20+ EDC refugees on a Saturday for lunch and get seated right away.Our server was so nice and patient with our crazy group that we tipped her extra.
Located in The Mirage..Cravings is about 26 a person. Pretty big, and they have their dessert bar, salad section, Greek section, Chinese section, sushi, noodles, raw food, Latin, Breakfast, Italian, and the omelet man. I like how majority of the sections have somebody that can make it for you. Noodle section had a lady who can make you your noodles. Salad bar area had a lady who tossed it for me...........no dirty-ness. The Chinese food was not good at all. Got the fried rice, bok choy, noodles, and egg roll...did not like any of it. They had a good variety for the Latin section most definitely.
Crab legs, seafood cioppino and much much more. You cannot go wrong with their prime rib. It was super tender and juicy.Most of the items were great but there are a few that were down right nasty, like the lemon butter mussels. The mussels looked and smelled like they were rotting just prior to cooking. I brought my friends here and they all said they liked it. This is a must on my Vegas trips.
I LOVED this buffet. To me it was comparable to The Buffet at The Wynn. They had prime rib, warm snow crab legs, ceviche, sushi, an omelet bar, and a little of everything. Tons of desserts as well!! Define lay coming back next trip to Vegas..
Best value for a buffet on the strip. Not amazing food, but it&#39;s the only place on the strip that isn&#39;t expensive. Wait time is not bad either. Not an amazing selection, but again it&#39;s not expensive, it&#39;s not busy, and it is on the strip.
It was pretty good. Good selection of food. Would not be my first choice to eat.
Love this place!! Unlimited crab &amp; prime rib&amp; everything is amazing. MUST try in Vegas!
Terrible. Used to be the diamond in the rough every year up until this yearly trip. They reduced the cost of dinner to 28 dollars but the food selection is now half of what it used to beAlso, at the start of dinner at around 530pm one would expect fresh food, but most of it had the 4 hour under a dry heat lamp look to it.Asked our server why the food looked stale and he said it shouldn&#39;t.. Ill pass it along to the manager *rollseyes*Lastly food quality dramatically dropped. Save your money and goto McDonald&#39;s instead for better food quality
Not impressed by this buffet at all, but at least I got it for free! They had a large variety of foods, much like the newer buffets around. Sadly, their quality is severely lacking.  The carving station was very inconsistent. My prime rib was dreadful, but my bf had a good piece. I also made the mistake of trying some ham, which was salty and dry. As for the seafood section, the crab was actually okay... not awesome but okay.  The shrimp cocktail was not fresh at all though. They had smoked salmon which can&#39;t go wrong at all. Desserts: the only thing that appealed to me were the coconut macaroon cookies. The ONLY good dessert. That&#39;s really sad because I love sweets.
As far as buffets go, this one is not on my list of ones that need to be visited again.It was early on a slow night, so there was no line at the register.  The place was practically empty.  So you would think the staff would be attentive.  But that wasn&#39;t the case.  Our waiter was slow.  And there was no one at the ice cream stand to dip so I had to wait for about 3 minutes while I yelled back &#34;Hello&#34;.The crab legs were okay (they were better at Bellagio and Aria).  The prime rib was about the only good thing there.  For a buffet called &#34;Cravings&#34; there was very little that I was craving.  It was like they were trying too hard to be different.  The only pasta in the Italian section was a filled tortellini.  Do I really need someone to toss my salad?The only good thing is that I was able to get this comped.
Pretty crappy food. Steaks are hard, desserts aren&#39;t savory and the overall quality isn&#39;t too good. Put your money at a restaurant, not this buffet.
Came here on a Sunday for the champagne brunch. It was about $28 which is a lot cheaper than the nicer Vegas buffets. And you don&#39;t have to wait in a super long 1-hour line which is a plus!I was actually pleasantly surprised by this buffet! I really didn&#39;t expect much because it&#39;s in the Mirage hotel and I&#39;d never really heard of it but they actually have a huge variety. Quality isn&#39;t all there for some of the food items, but there is a HUGE variety of eclectic food. And I love how every section is neatly labeled (ex. &#34;chinese&#34;, &#34;sushi&#34;, &#34;mexican&#34;, &#34;desserts&#34;, &#34;salad&#34;, etc) so you can go for exactly what you want. Some food highlights:1. The prime rib was surprisingly really good! Red, soft, and juicy. My friend asked if they had cranberry sauce, and they went to the back and brought a huge bowl out for us. So nice of them!2. They have fried plantains!! Yessss!3. Crab legs were cracked open in half already like at Bellagio buffet so it&#39;s easier to eat but I didn&#39;t like the way they tasted. It was pretty much frozen cold and was too salty/fishy for my taste. 4. The eggs benedict looks really nice, but it was a little too bland in my opinion. 5. They have sriracha sauce if you need that with your chinese food like I do!6. They have a gelato bar hidden in the corner next to the desserts! Note: it&#39;s NOT self serve. So don&#39;t try to go back there by yourself and scoop your own.  Just wait patiently and someone will come to help you. ;)
only reason why we came here is because the 4 of us had our meals were comped thanks to mlife~service is great - they&#39;re constantly refilling your drinks and taking your plates as soon as you are done eating.  food is not so great - food was either stale, old, recooked, or just not so fresh.  the only thing memorable was their clam chowder.dessert is a total fail - really dry and not so good. except, their mango sorbet (in the ice cream section) was actually okay.unfortunately, i don&#39;t think we&#39;ll be back....unless they make some improvements.
Cravings was the second buffet I experienced in Vegas other than the Buffet at the Wynn and the experience was GREAT!  My friends, boyfriend and I went on Sunday for Brunch.  We were in line for maybe 30 minutes?  The food was good, they have everything just like the buffet at the Wynn (maybe just not as much choices) but enough for a buffet.  The best part was all you can drink MIMOSAS! =) oh, and i&#39;m glad i was able to save room for some gellato ice cream... my bf and I tried the watermelon and white chocolate macadamia gellato ice cream.  They were both good but the watermelon one was really good! my friends were full but i told them to try our watermelon ice cream, once they tried it, they got up and got their own =)I recommend to go here if you&#39;re on a budget, we only paid $28 compare to $40 plus for dinner at the Wynn..
Good buffet for the price. There is a good selection of food to choose from. The tri-tip is good and flavorful.
Im a foodie alll day! And I love a great buffet!  Ive been to a few sense my 30 day business stay in vegas and this is by far the best food good selection and worth the price. Brick oven pizza!  Already open crab legs...so you dont starve trying to get to them lol. And hello to the unlimited wine and beer (self serve) hmm what else well wiat tell you see what I had for dessert in the pics...and the biggest selection ive seen at a buffet!
Food was terrible compared to other buffets in vegas. Fortunately,  we had a discount cuz there is no way we would pay full price.
First off, $28 for dinner. Ouch. But it&#39;s Vegas and I&#39;m not much of a gambler so my money has to go SOMEWHERE, right?So the line wasn&#39;t too bad when we got here at around 6 PM. I must say though I was impressed with how it took about 20 minutes to seat us when there were clearly open tables. Maybe to ensure we&#39;d start off towards the food at a comfortable get-the-hell-out-of-my-way pace? If so, mission accomplished Cravings Buffet.They had an Italian station, 2 Asian stations, a carving station, a Mexican food station, a salad station, and a desert section where there&#39;s a hidden gelato station at the far right corner past the desert bar; it&#39;s not self serve though so be prepared to bug someone to get you delicious strawberry gelato.I got 3 plates of food and finished about half of each because I was so overwhelmed. I got the prime rib which was delicious for being carved from a buffet station. It was medium rare and lovely and pink, very flavorful. The pastas were alright (al dente but the sauces were average) and the ceviche was just ok. Not enough citrus, in my opinion. The asian stations were more flavorful and the barbecue pork buns were nice and perfectly steamed. I strongly recommend getthing the chipotle mashed potatoes though.(Note: If you want the perfect plate, get a slice of prime rib, a side of chipotle mashed potatoes with turkey gravy, a made-to-order salad from the salad bar, and some corn bread. So. Good.)The sushi station was measly and didn&#39;t even look good enough to try though. I&#39;ve seen better looking sushi at Chinese buffets. Oh, but the desert station! Little pies!! I&#39;m a weirdo for mini versions of things, like some girls. They had mini Dutch Apple Pie, mini raspberry pie (filling had souffle consistency) mini pecan pie, and a mini peanut butter pie. They were all scrumptious and adorable! The passion fruit infused cake with orange and strawberry slices on top was both aesthetically pleasing and subtly sweet. The strawberry gelato was very, very bold flavored and the cookies and cream flavor was a miss. The chocolate one was probably the best.The service was not that great. It shouldn&#39;t be a big deal for a buffet if the waiters are good or not but the tables were kind of small and the plates were huge so it was noticeable when we&#39;d been unattended for half an hour and even the ice in my water is gone. Because I ate my ice cubes as a form of hydration. Bad bad baaaaaaad.The setting was pretty nice, contemporary American theme going and the stations had their respective titles above them to keep from having lines and long wait times to get food. I would go again, if there were coupons or I&#39;d try that tip to go for lunch prices but dinner items.
My review is solely for the service alone. There&#39;s nothing that could ruin a dining experience when you are greeted with bad service. The hostess named Maria was extremely rude to us.I will never go back to this place again nor will I recommend it.
My husband and I were staying at the mirage. We went to check out the buffet and it was a disappointing experience. We got a 30% off from ticket4tonight so ended up paying $25 + taxes. It wasn&#39;t worth it. Little selection, mediocre quality with cheap wine and beer. Only good thing was our waitress who came to our table often.
This buffet is mediocre to say the least. Nothing stood out for me. Only thing I liked was the tiramisu in a chocolate cup, but even that I didn&#39;t finish eating. Servers however were pretty attentive and fast to clear out dishes and refill drinks as needed. There are so many good restaurants in vegas and being a big foodie I can be abit critical but this buffet was just OK for me. On to the next~
This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas and I can say it satisfied my hunger cravings!!!! FOOD PORN, FOODgasm, and FOOD coma all in one! haha..where else can you get that kind of treatment?! What a way to grab people&#39;s attention, by displaying several tv screens showing yummy concoctions of FOOOOD from succulent desserts to an array of dishes for meat and seafood lovers...all in slo-mo at the entrance while you wait (hopefully patiently) in line to get in. What a major tease I tell ya, but it&#39;s worth it!!! The lineup of food was immense and catered to all my friends who had different tastes in food..from the health nuts to the mad, carnivore meat and potatoes kind. haha. We all were in complete awe of every station.To my amazment, they had all my favs in one setting: seaweed salad, crab legs, ceviche, sushi, hand rolls, good quality kimchee, dim sum, pho, and all the fresh fruit and gelato you want! Mmmm....me want more! LOL! I&#39;m getting excited just typing all this. =p..at the end of our meals with happy bellies, we wobbled out looking forward to reuniting once again in the near future.
Noting much inside, but it&#39;s cheap. You can get 2 for 1 brunch from the waitress. If you go there before 3:00, you can have dinner with lunch price!
Service...goodFood...goodPrices...decent, mine were great though since I had a coupon from fb
We found a coupon at <a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravelzoo.com&amp;s=1d53c8d4824c81f8f72f8aa9c8b359cf19193d94e9f33d0ac87d0567a7c036e1" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">travelzoo.com</a> for $40 for 2 people, all you can eat and all you can drink beer/wine. Although the buffet is huge, meaning the buffet food is all the way around the dining tables, I was less than impressed at the quality of the food.The top sirloin was dry (I like medium rare and juicy), they did not have any hot shrimp dishes only cold, plan shrimp and some shrimp cocktails, the king crab was split in half which was nice, but it was very much &#39;frozen food&#39; tasting and super salty not at all fresh tasting, and they only had 1 dim sum item (pork &#39;meatballs&#39; called shumai, which were just okay). Staff was friendly. Don&#39;t go at normal eating times, as the line was really long to get in.Keep in mind, I&#39;m not that picky of a person. I like value more than anything, so for $20 per person, I&#39;m not complaining much, except that I think that there are better buffets in the area for a lower price. I certainly wouldn&#39;t pay the normal $40+ that it would have cost w/out the coupon. We went to FLAVORS Buffet the next day, and I was much more impressed with the quality of the food. They had an excellent breakfast buffet for $14 or so.
"My favorite not hyped up buffet in Vegas.  The lines are typically manageable, prices are reasonable, but the food and atmosphere is awesome.  

Wide wide selection of food that you can expect from a nice buffet, and also clean, well-maintained and spacious dining area.  

Sure, the Wynn has more bells and whistles, but it didn&#39;t blow me away.  So why wait in long lines, sit at cramped tables, and pay more for the same buffet quality food?  Cravings hits my sweet spot in the price/quality/atmosphere equilibrium."
Sister and I got the champagne buffet at half price $18 vs $36 due to running the Rock and roll marathon. Excellent selection of seafood and other goodies. Wish my belly was bigger. Not sure if $36 would be worth it though but we were happy with our half priced buffet.
Look like it has variety of food choice but it is not. Choices of dessert are very disappointing. Sushi bars quality ain&#39;t that well too. Only good thing is brunch includes champagne!!!
once in a while, i would come to Mirage&#39;s cravings. Though it may not be the BEST buffet like the wynn or bellagio, or even the rio, Cravings is pretty darn good for the price you pay. There&#39;s a reason why Cravings is much cheaper than the buffets at the wynn or bellagio. They dont have King crab legs, the have snow crabs and dungeness crab. They dont  have rack of lambs. They do have prime ribs. And they have other varieties - not great...but it&#39;s alright. Their dessert buffet, however, is a disappointment. there&#39;s nothing that i want to really eat. THe best thing about their dessert is their gelato ice cream section. Cravings is nothing like the big buffets, but it is way better than other buffets such as monte carlo, circus, flamingo, etc. In my book of vegas buffet.. I&#39;d say Mirage&#39;s buffet is the mid-class buffet. Cravings is a good choice if u dont want to spend the extra 20 on a higher class buffet.. or dont feel like eating too much at the same time dont want to pay the same amount of price at a dine-in restaurant.
For $35/per person you should not have to wait 45 minutes due ill prepared for a large party. The service level and food is sub par  for the price. A simple there will be a wait at time of payment would have went a long way. We will not be back!!!#
Cravings, like The Mirage as a whole,  is FAR BELOW the standard of quality one tends to expect from the better known hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. I cannot fathom how anyone could give this place above one star. My only guess would be that those reviewers just spent a decade or more in prison, and Cravings was the first place they decided to eat upon being released. My boyfriend and I took samples from the majority of the stations and did not find one morsel of quality food. My slice of prime rib was full of fatty pockets, my steamed rice was stale and hard. I mean, seriously, how does one go about messing up steamed rice?? The pizza was flavorless with crust like cardboard and sauce that tasted like ketchup with basil in it. You could find better quality food at Jack in the Box at 3 in the morning on a tuesday night.The one good thing I can say about this place is that our waiter, Dan was very nice and our drinks were always filled. Good looking out Dan, you&#39;re a diamond in some deep, DEEP rough.To sum up my experience at Cravings Buffet at The Mirage in two words: NEVER AGAIN!!!
Pretty good buffet but I expected more selections. The stuff are great making sure everything is good.
The Latin and BBQ at Cravings had me sold!  It was REALLY good.  The gelato is also excellent.I gave this place a four because the service was wonderful and the food pretty good.  There were so many options, a lot of seating, and all you can drink beverages. However, I couldn&#39;t give Cravings a 5 because the crab is flavorless and the sushi rice was terrible.  It was hard and not so tasty.Other than that, I had a great time at Cravings!  It was fun eating there and worth a try if you are hungry.
Came here last year and had a great time. This year we came back expecting the same but instead got a horrible experience. The food wasn&#39;t as good as last year. Only good thing is that beer and champagne are limitless.
&#34;Are we really going to do this?&#34;  LOL...this was my fiance and I at about 1:30PM on Sunday morning (well afternoon I guess, but it felt like morning).After an incredible &#34;Vegas style&#34; Saturday night - all we knew was we were still tired, and still starving from the night before.  We also knew we had to get up eventually.  How were we going to combat this beer hangover?  How about mass quantities of food.Let me preface by saying - we aren&#39;t the buffet types AT ALL.  If we&#39;re going to spend money on food, we go for quality over quantity. We&#39;d find it much easier to spend $100 on a sushi dinner, or an amazing Chinese banquet, than a buffet.  But again, my yelp research had led me to Cravings.  Not because it&#39;s the best.  Not because it&#39;s the cheapest. But because of it&#39;s Asian selection.  We knew we were in Vegas.  We knew we needed a ton of food.  But we also knew we needed Asian.  And it needed to be fast.  We were in no condition to wait in a massive line.  And it needed to be on the strip.  What the heck - Cravings it is!We got to the Mirage at about 2PM, (let me also tell you that the strip anytime on the weekends is a PARKING lot.  We did not take Las Vegas Blvd once while we were there).  We found a spot by the elevators to the Mirage and entered the tropical paradise.  I already began feeling better (it HAS to be the casino air) - and the beautiful gardens really helped brighten the mood.  But this is not a review of the Mirage.We walked through the gardens and casino, passed the Cirque Du Soleil Revolution Theater and Lounge (looked SOO cool, if only there was more time)...passed Kokomo&#39;s Steak House...Passed Japonais...and finally, we made it to  Cravings!  It was seriously like a light shone from above on the restaurant sign.  It was at the end of the casino (really..NOT that far of a walk, just REALLY far when you&#39;re still hungover and starved).  The BEST thing EVER was seeing that, there was NO line.  Seriously - none.  I had read horror stories about two hour lines at Bellagio, and wasn&#39;t about to have it.  This was perfect for us.Cost for Sunday brunch with Champagne with tax was only $56.10 for two!  That included bottomless mimosas/champagne and soft drinks/coffee. Okay, that may seem like a lot - but REALLY, when you consider your dining options on the strip - you can either go fast food cheap, and settle for McDonald&#39;s or Panda Express, you could go fine dining and pay $100 for lunch, or you could do a buffet - which includes champagne.  We were happy with our decision.Service was great for us - although, I CAN see where other yelpers may have had issues with this.  We were very lucky - we started off with a subpar server, but during the brunch/dinner shift change, we were replaced with a wonderful server who always kept our glasses full (trust me - my fiance probably consumed 10 iced teas in 20 minutes) and my champagne always full.  Champagne was a nice touch (even though I had complained of a hangover only ten minutes before).Onto the food.  REALLY - the ONLY reason you should come here is if you like Asian food.  Seriously - I don&#39;t think this buffet would appeal to customers who do not like Asian food.  There is a section called &#34;Noodles&#34; that serves shumai, steamed pork buns, and potstickers, reminiscent of dim sum.  At that same station you can order beef and meatball pho, wonton noodle soup, and many other varieties of soup and dishes.  And then next to that is a &#34;chinese&#34; section that has noodles, rice, congee, and a variety of other Chinese dishes.  And next to that is a Japanese section (with a very small variety of sushi and to be honest, not really good sushi).  But they do have miso soup which is soo soothing.The pho is good (not the best broth ever) but it does the trick!  The wonton noodle soup was really good, and the congee as well.  We must&#39;ve loaded up on all of the soups.  The shumai is okay - it just depends on when you go.  It was a bit chewy but when they put out a super fresh batch and it was fine.  All in all a very pleasant experience.  So much so we went back for dinner the following night.  No champagne - but the same price - $56.10 for two - not bad for dinner!  And the variety was better - singapore noodles, shrimp and veggies.  And their prime rib was amazing.  Seriously soo tender.  I would highly recommend this buffet if you like Asian food.  And their &#34;carving&#34; station is good too.  My fiance sampled the crab legs and said they seemed frozen and salty.  We only stuck to Asian, soups, and meat.  We didn&#39;t even hit dessert!You get what you pay for - and you ARE at a buffet.  I wasn&#39;t expecting New York Chinatown or SF Chinatown quality food, but it was a wonderful variety (and yes - there were Asians cooking behind the stations!)  Haha.  If you&#39;re looking for a reasonable buffet with NO lines I&#39;d definitely stop here.  Maybe not the quality of desserts or french cuisine as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but not nearly as pricey either!
Buffet 1   Janet  NilI will win the next one I swear!!!! When I walked into Cravings I thought I was hungry. I thought I would eat a lot. But I ended up eating only one plate!!!  At $28, I can tell you it was not worth it for me.  But overall, there were A LOT of choices at this buffet.  If I had an appetite I would have gone for more.  The food was sectioned off by region (Italian, Asian, American, etc) which was helpful.Service was good. Our drinks were always refilled and our plates were quickly taken away.  My only complaint about this buffet is the dessert selection. THEY SUCK!!!!!!!! There was no chocolate cake,  no apple pie and no soft serve ice cream!!!! Although they had gelato, its not the same as soft serve!
This review is just for their breakfast buffet. I came here with fellow yelpers Cristal C and Andrew L to finish off our insane week in Vegas for EDC. Sadly I was not really satisfied with this buffet. I love Mexican food in the morning, but almost all of their mexican selections here were so overly spiced that I couldn&#39;t taste anything else! So, I kindly moved to try their basic American breakfast items... The small waffles were decent, French toast was dry and overdone, and the only thing I felt like going back for seconds was the bacon... Oh yeah, they also has an italian section, with pizza.. Pizza? Now that was a little odd to me... I passed on that and peered over at their omelet area. Now that seemed like the winner. That&#39;s we&#39;re a majority of the people were at, I was already losing my appetite so I didn&#39;t actually taste it, but that&#39;s where I would suggest someone to try if going here.They also have a fair selection of bagels, cereals, and muffins, but if you&#39;re going to pay 17 dollars for a breakfast buffet, wouldn&#39;t you want something at least, hot?? There you go, my 2 cents about the mirage breakfast buffet. Sadly, it wasn&#39;t great. I&#39;m definitely moving on to the next one when I go back to Vegas.
**Summary**       - Selection - The selection seemed to be limited and the food was mediocre at best.       - Value - For the price we paid for dinner, I was expecting a little more. This seemed to be on the level of a $12 buffet but with crab legs and shrimp.**Price**       - $15.99 Breakfast Mon-Fri 7am-10am       - $19.99 Lunch Mon-Fri 11am-3pm       - $26.99 Dinner 3pm-10pm       - $24.99 Champagne Brunch Sat-Sun 8am-3pm**Items to note**       - Prime Rib - The prime rib was overcooked and completely dry by the time I got back to my table.       - Shrimp - The shrimps were of decent size for the price. I think this is the only item I couldn&#39;t complain about (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZNSkSfbl3gVB9XQIJfw?select=Kp3AOIz9Ztv38-gkYZdPCA">yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZ…</a>).       - Crab Legs - The crab legs were split and dry. The shell side was brown on most of them and it seemed like they were sitting there for way too long (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZNSkSfbl3gVB9XQIJfw?select=YdVxZbw2SodAIWfmfwnbRw">yelp.com/biz_photos/OVTZ…</a>).       - Deserts - The dessert selection was minimal and wasn&#39;t very good.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn&#39;t recommend this place. Stations has a better buffet for a cheaper price. If you&#39;re going for the higher priced items, Bellagio is a way better choice.
In my opinion, I think The Cravings buffet is worth the money. First of all, we can get 2-1 lunch/diner deal on myVegas so the price is half. Secondly, the buffet offers unlimited drinks, which is a plus. They also have an amazing drink station with so many selections that can comfort even the pickiest person. The food selection and quality are decent for this price. If you are a cheese lover, this place is for you. They have many expensive kinds of cheese. They often change the foods so you won&#39;t have the same dishes every times you go there. Overall is good and this place is always my food destination every time I go to Vegas
I like Cravings... located @ The Mirage, it&#39;s always awesome to prep my appetite for the seafood while staring at some seafood in the aquarium--Muwahahaha... in all seriousness though, beautiful setup at the check-in counter.Cravings is a good choice when it comes to &#34;budget&#34; buffeting! It&#39;s probably a good 10-15 bucks cheaper than your Bellagio Buffets (I&#39;m sorry I don&#39;t keep track of dough when I&#39;m ballin&#39; it up in Vegas ;)Anyways, even though the buffet isn&#39;t as large as some of the other ones on the strip, it&#39;s got your basic fundamentals.The shrimp, crab and prime rib are all there so that&#39;s really all you need!What really makes this place stand out is the Gelato!!! I literally eat my meal in anticipation of dining on the dessert!!! I go nuts w/ the gelato... I mix it w/ the cookies and other random desserts... nirvana!And sometimes (often), I&#39;ll have a slab of prime rib after cleansing my pallet w/ the sweetness... weird? Kinda.The decor is decent.. it&#39;s got a bunch of LCDs while you&#39;re waiting in line.  The ingredients look so fresh and it makes me, oh, so hungry!What I don&#39;t particularly like about the dining area is that it feels too meshed together... you got the buffet lining around the outside of the seating area... which kinda makes seating area efficient but boring... doesn&#39;t really scream VEGAS.Either way, it&#39;s a good choice and would get a much higher score anywhere here in SOCAL, but this is the SIN CITY, where amazing buffet/food are a dime a dozen.
I had 2 tickets for a free buffet at any MGM property, so my boyfriend and I decided to go here based on the reviews. Our first buffet was the buffet at Treasure Island, so we already had a low opinion of buffets. But we enjoyed our meal here. There is a variety of options, from different types of cuisines to the dessert. They have your typical buffet food, and we really liked the variety.The desserts were also pretty decent, as they have gelato, that my boyfriend enjoyed. The bread pudding is also really good.
My only complaint about the Mirage casino. I had dinner here, and it was $27 a person PLUS a 45 minute wait in line. Because of that, I had high expectations, but I was extremely let down. I didn&#39;t pay $27 to eat Costco Potstickers or &#34;sushi&#34; (if you count cucumbers wrapped in rice w\ soy sauce packets). The swordfish they had was disgusting and very dry.  They did have tossed salads and made to order paninis, but I consider that something that is more suiteable for lunch. The prime rib was OK at best, The environment is nice though, all the tables are spread apart so you can actually have a conversation. Its well lit as well. Only if the food wasn&#39;t so crappy..
I came here for convenience, not wanting to dine outside of our hotel after just getting in that night,  but save yourself the money, go elsewhere.The Asian foods section is insulting. Whatever they call sushi sushi is NOT edible. It looks disgusting and made me want to gag.The dessert section is also bad, nothing to choose from and I have a big sweet tooth!It gets two stars because I found two decent things to eat, the ossobuco in the Italian section and the Prime Rib. They were actually pretty good, tasty, and tender, but overall everything else is pretty bad...I&#39;m sorry to say this buffet has gone downhill a lot! If you want to spent this kind of money ($25/person) try Le Village Buffet inside the Paris, or for a little more ($38) head to the Wynn buffet. Happy buffeting!
Freaking great!I was in Vegas over the weekend for a good friend&#39;s bachelorette party and after a long and incredibly fun night at XS Lounge at Encore we went to Champagne brunch at Cravings at noon on Saturday.  It was amazing!Our party of 13 was able to make prior reservations, all pay separately by credit card, and all got to pick and choose whatever we wanted to eat from it&#39;s vast selection.From a continental breakfast, to seafood ceviche, to pho (yes, pho!), to italian, to mexican, etc... there was something for everyone, and with a group of 13, it&#39;s everything you could have hoped for.  Not a single person was disappointed in their meal and all for $30 including gratuity and tax.I will definitely be back.
My cravings went away as soon as I tried this crap. 70bucks for 2 and I was pissed. Not really upset, but come on! The wife gave it a zero. I&#39;m waiting for a new beef strip loin to come out as I&#39;m typing this review hoping to salvage this meal. The first price of beef I had was way over done and been sitting on the line too long it seems like. I don&#39;t feel the love in the food here. Maybe it&#39;s a Bay thing.
This was a meal of convenience as both the wife and I were pretty tired and did not want to leave the hotel.   Food was pretty good for a buffet.   Liked the crab legs the best.  Beer and wine included which was nice.  I was pretty disappointed in the sushi selection but there were plenty of other options.
I came here in a Tuesday night, the price is good. it is ＄29.99 for each person. Compare to other buffet, the price is very reasonable. The beverage is included. However, maybe because it is a weekday, the kind of food is limited. There is only 4 kind of fruits, and 3 or 4 chinese entree. Overall, the quality of food and the service all really good！
It&#39;s clean, large selection, friendly service. The food is average, nothing spectacular. I think that the way the food is displayed and the lay out of the buffet is what makes it pretty appealing. I think the Paris buffet is still better (although I did not get to try the Paris buffet on this trip). The selection of food at Cravings is mostly dishes to make you full and not so much satisfied. The snow crab legs looked great until you start eating it and realize it&#39;s just frozen crab legs. Dinner cost us $35pp.
Decent buffet 15.99 per person. Nothing spectacular, but you can find your breakfast items that you love and expect. cereal, toast, eggs, sausages, and bacon. MMmmhhh...Surprisingly, I do not recall pancakes. What I really loved unexpectantly was I built myself a little cheese platter with crackers. I loved it. I think they were carrying four types of cheese. I dont know what they all were but yummm...
TOO MUCH FOOD. I always end up eating way too much at Vegas buffets. Mainly because they are so much better than ordinary buffets AND you have to eat enough to make up for the price you pay to get in. As far as Cravings go, it was alright. I ate some stuff that I wish I hadn&#39;t tried, and I ate some stuff that I loved. It&#39;s always like that at a buffet. I loved the layout of this buffet. It was must less hectic and cramped which I appreciated. It&#39;s clean, and typically modern and each section is divided up by the type of food it offers. My sister and I had a fun time trying each section at a time and by the time we got around to every single one, we were barely eating anything we got on our plates (bad bad bad!). I think some of my favorites were the mussels, ravioli, and the shrimp cocktails. My siblings and I also gorged on the nachos we loaded up with toppings. I would pass on the sushi because the rice was just so hard. If you&#39;re like us, you will just eat the fish and hide the rice under some other dish. If you&#39;re super Korean like my parents, you will like the fact that they serve kimchi. They had a pretty huge selection on desserts. The cupcakes are GROSS so please pass on those. Actually pretty much all the desserts were kind of unappetizing. Some of the cookies were okay but that&#39;s about it. My brothers liked the gelato they served but I was too full to try it. BUFFETS BUFFETS BUFFETS. I have a love hate relationship with them. My sister and I burned off most of the calories clubbing later so it&#39;s all good. 3/5
Nice place, good food, but pricy. They also have beer, and wine on the house!!!!! Self served soft drinks, the fancy cola machines! :) service was good and staff is friendly! Try to make the lunch buffet bc it&#39;s cheaper!
Went there during Xmas time and the food was just an okay.... only thing that is really stands out are the prime ribs but other dishes seems to be made by chef-Mike (microwave) and the shirmp cocktails still with full of ice on the shirmp...yikes. the service was slow for our drinks.... overall just an okay experience
The only reason this place gets 3 stars is for their prime rib and pasta.Prime rib was very tender, flavorful and really melted in my mouth. Pasta was al dente and the flavors were done right, if not perfectly.Everything else was just meh. Roasted duck was dry, not crispy, and didn&#39;t have much flavor to it. Congee was bland, lacked seasoning.The desserts were average. Nothing really stood out other than the bread pudding, which was great.The gf&#39;s orange juice was served in a glass with a lipstick marking on it, which was definitely not hers (she didn&#39;t even have lipstick on). That was a real bummer. The server just apologized and brought her another glass (a new one, i hope). Also, it took forever for someone to take our drink orders, we had to flag someone down to get our order. Maybe we were just impatient because we were so hungry.
I am very impressed about this buffet.I first like it how it&#39;s in Mirage. I have always wanted to eat at this hotel but I was not so sure about their restaurants. However, coming to Cravings made me have no regrets about buffets. First off, the interior is extremely nice. You are greeted to a wide space where there are two cashiers, one in front of the other, and there you will pay for your meal. The hosts are nice as well. I like how there are more than one hostess in this buffet because they are able to organize where to sit the customers, so it won&#39;t be such a big mess when there are many parties waiting for their seat. The inside of the buffet is wonderful. It has a clean, functional, modern look to it and there are signs of what stations they provide. They provide typical sections such as Chinese, Italian, BBQ, and more. What was really interesting was their salad bar. Someone actually prepares the salad for you the way that you want! I thought that was nice. The food is pretty okay. The crab legs are a bit salty but it&#39;s enough to satisfy those seafood lovers. Their jumbo shrimp really gets the brownie points here. They&#39;re big and they&#39;re not pilled up, like how they do it at other buffets. They put out enough shrimp for you to get enough on your plate. Plus, they offer other ways of eating shrimp. Their food was not dry and I appreciate that a lot. They make sure their foods are fresh and ready to serve. Even their pizza wasn&#39;t as hard as cardboard. It tasted fresh! Their prime rib was excellent and even their Chinese food was easy to manage for someone, like me, who can&#39;t stand Chinese food as much as they want to. They have a variety of options in each section so you&#39;ll  be able to get enough food for the price you pay. One thing that bothered me as a Korean was that they put Kimchi in the Chinese section. Kimchi is an authentic Korean side dish, not Chinese. I hope they make this correction fast. Their plating is absolutely AMAZING! I love how they care about every aspect of the buffet from the interior of the restaurant to the plates and silverware they use. The pictures the other Yelpers provide definitely give you a great idea of how the restaurant is and what to expect. It shows that they value their customers and want everyone to feel that they are eating the best of the best in Las Vegas. Overall, I am a huge fan of this place. I have been to many buffets in Las Vegas and I cannot be any happier about choosing this buffet. You can come here before seeing a show or with your friends before a long night of partying with your friends at the hottest club in Vegas. If there are children part of the party,  come by for their desserts. There are a wide variety of choices from ice cream to cookies and cakes everyone can enjoy. For the parents, a nice sip of coffee will do just right after a delicious meal from many cultures. This is one good stop to go to and there won&#39;t be any regrets choosing a buffet instead of a restaurant. There is a reason why this buffet is called &#34;Cravings&#34;: everything that you are craving for, you can get it here! :) Bon appetite!
It&#39;s hard to get carried away when you are at a buffet.. As much as I was trying to not go overboard.. I did end up having a Siesta afterwards! The atmosphere is pretty much what you expect for a buffet, informal and open and the staff are not as friendly, more robotic when you ask for assistance but they do their part. Don&#39;t expect Michelin star restaurant because buffets are never going meet up to that standard! But the food was surprisingly better then buffets I&#39;ve had in the pass. There was a very good variety and quality for the price you pay.. $27 something per person for lunch/ brunch. Huge prawns and crab legs all peeled and ready to eat, juicy tender roast beef just the way you like it, a wide dessert range to give you a big toothache, just to name a few.. The food really do hit the spot, get your cravings sorted! ;) oh, drinks are included in the price including all the beer and wine you want!! nb: toilets are outside the restaurants, literally next door.
My girls went here after the pool to go eat.  Unfortunately I dont remember. I blacked out and asked to leave.  My friend was able to eat and then take me back to the hotel.  I know I ate something.. but I ended up getting sick from all the alcohol. LOL. I know, my fault for getting drunk, but I did pay to eat.. I deserve something if I invest money in someone&#39;s business.
One of the best under-$20-buffet in Las Vegas.  A myriad of selections from various cultures and traditions.   The secret to enjoying Craving??    Try a little of everything, and don&#39;t fill yourself up with stuff that cost them nothing such as:   rice, Chinese noodles, machine-made sushi, and cheap breakfast items.  Go straight for the tender slices of roast beef and generous portions of crab legs.     Add some of the freshly grounded chimichurri sauce.    There are special condiments to add to your food placed all around the restaurant.  Its your job to select them out, try them, and then decide whether they go hand-in-hand with certain dishes.  Save room for the vast selection of delectable desserts!
I was looking forward to trying a buffet in Vegas; last trip here was in 2006. I had only dined at the buffet at Rio back then. The food was good, although nothing exceptional. They feature dishes from many nationalities, plus barbecue, grilled meat, prime rib, and seafood. Plusses were the shrimp, prime rib, and stir fry. Also the squash soup, shrimp ceviche, and guacamole were delicious. Minuses were pasta dishes and Chinese noodle dishes; they had sat out so long they looked dried out. Desserts were great though; try the tiramisu in the chocolate cup.  Atmosphere was a cross between cafeteria and cafe. A bit pricey for what you get.
I went to Cravings craving some king crab legs (and since we were going to watch The Beatles Love after dinner), and instead got some overly salty, thawing legs. Sadness. The other reviews were right in that some of the food was cold. I would think everything should be HOT since I got there right around peak dinner time. Their idea of Italian food is basically pizza and 2 kinds of pasta, but fine, I understand risotto or ravioli is too much to ask for at a buffet setting. The sushi looked old and stale so I didn&#39;t even bother, but the Chinese dim sum stuff was good (in comparison). I liked the prime rib and crab bisque until I realized they used imitation crab. C&#39;mon! Can&#39;t a girl get some fresh and real crab meat??? Maybe I just got spoiled by the Wynn buffet but I&#39;d happily spend $15 more next time going there instead.
The wait was a few mins,there wasnt that many selection food was not that great, great desserts selection,the only part was great was the servers which cleared the plates off reallyquick. Would not recommened anyone coming here. Paid $60 for 2 people so not worth it!!
2 stars because it&#39;s Vegas and you can definitely get better food than this. Buffets serve one purpose in Vegas, and that is awesome hangover food and sitting there for hours just basking in seconds and thirds and the general gluttony that is Sin City. The brunch price is pretty much the same as other places but the food quality is horrendous. Granted, there is a lot of variety, but I would rather have less of better food than a lot of crappy food. The dessert was like half tofu-based or something. The pho was borderline insulting. The best thing is probably the seafood bar where I loaded up on cocktail shrimp and crab legs, except the crab legs are stringy, tough and way too salty. Did they pick this up straight up from the ocean and dunked it back in sea water? Gross. Bottom line, this is not worth the line and someone really needs to teach the cooks to, well, cook. Ugh.
We went to this buffet because of the deal with the Cirque de Soleil LOVE. However, if I had a choice, I probably would not go back. Price is relatively reasonable, but the quality and variety of the food isn&#39;t as great. They do have it nicely organized by category, but most buffets do that international theme it seems. Dessert was the best part. Plus the free wine we happened to land on.
Now, I&#39;m sorry that I&#39;m giving you two stars but I&#39;d give you three stars if I ever decided to come here again. It&#39;s a decent Las Vegas buffet. They did have some good dishes but then they did have some NOT so good dishes. The snow crab legs were a bit too salty for my liking. The prime rib and sweet potato mash was my favorite there.The desserts were alright. I grabbed a bunch but didn&#39;t really like them. Sorry. They were just plain.I don&#39;t really have much more to say about Cravings. :o/
Complete waste of time. Save your money, time, and appetite and go to Aria or Bellagio. Their breakfast buffet is so limited it&#39;s a waste of money at nearly $20 a head before tip. 80% of their stations are closed until 11 so if you want something other than ihop go elsewhere like aria.
To date the best buffet we&#39;ve had and they have complementary beer and wine for dinner. Most places do not have such exquisite selection of food to select from. Most of the cuisine is prepared freashly in each section. If you&#39;re here you should try it.
Came here for a &#39;late brunch&#39; and gahh, it was too good.  Plenty of selections, all were fresh &amp; delish and great staff.  Who puts out vanilla sauce, butterscotch and fudge drizzle for gelato?  Cravings does.  And a giant vat of fresh whipped cream.  I can hear my buttons starting to pop, lol.But seriously, really great.  BF &amp; I are definitely ranking this as our top 3, with the other 2 being Flamingo &amp; Cosmopolitan (BF likes Aria&#39;s chinese selection, but we don&#39;t favor it as a whole).Plenty of seafood selection, and the ceviche was a delightful treat, seeing that I haven&#39;t seen that in the other buffets, with a great amount of kick.  Large prawns too for the cocktail, so also a plus.Service was very good.  No need to ask for refills, he would always come by &amp; check on us.  Didn&#39;t wait in line either, luckily enough, since the lunch rush came right after we sat down.They were constantly putting out new/hot trays, so definitely glad that they&#39;re not making giant portions and leaving them out there to sit.  Will definitely be back here!
Buffet is okay! Good variety of good! Not the best but pretty good for the price :) I had the prime rib, sushi, crab legs, fried rice (which was a little dry) the green beans, and some other stuff... It was pretty good considering I was a little tipsy :)
This is my fav buffet in Vegas! Every time I go to Vegas, I have to stop by here. Even if we don&#39;t go out or do anything else, if I just have me some Cravings then I&#39;m completely happy for the rest of the day!Prices are affordable and the food is great. I luv the craved ham and Chinese station here. Lots of variety to choose from! Try the Chinese bbq pork buns! To me, most buffets taste the same since they&#39;re making everything in big batches. So, why would I want to pay more at other buffets for the same type of selections? Also, I hate peeling my own shrimp, so I like how cravings does it for you. They always have plenty of cut crab legs and cocktail shrimps! So enjoy!
We bought a travelzoo voucher for this place. The food was okay, nothing special. I probably wouldn&#39;t pay full price. Service was fine. Dessert was probably the best
Went here twice during my trip and I really enjoyed it. The brunch part is pretty awesome as you get unlimited mimosas. (If only our server was a little faster at refilling like some of the other tables had)Being a vegetarian I realized that it might be difficult to find non-meat options at a buffet but really didn&#39;t run into too much of a problem. I really enjoyed the salad bar. At first I was disappointed because you couldn&#39;t make your own but the person who made my salad made it perfectly. Of course they could&#39;ve had more options like other buffets but for the price I paid I&#39;m not complaining. Roughly you pay about $28 to eat here and that was fine with me.
Cost: $20.48 for the lunch buffet (tax included)They have a huge selection of food, but everything looked so unappetizing. Everything looked cold and stale. I picked up some sweet potato fries, a piece of catfish, mahi mahi, a bowl of wonton noodle soup, a vegetable spring roll, and a bowl of chicken congee. I broke my personal rule of not eating Asian food at an American buffet once again, but after two nights of partying in Vegas, I was desperately craving for something Chinese. The chicken congee really hit the spot. Way too salty, but it was comfort food. The wonton noodle soup was okay. The MSG soup was a nice cure for my semi-hangover, but the wonton filling had a mushy, pasty texture which I didn&#39;t like. Everything else was pretty bad. Tasted exactly as it looked... uninviting.
This was probably the third time we ate @ this buffet. The experience was still the same AMAZING!  The food was delicious &amp; the service excellent!  Champagne brunch totally worth it!  We got a food deal off of travelzoo $26 for two people champagne brunch.  We brought  a large group of 15 &amp; they seated us pretty quickly. The best buffet in Vegas ! Great variety !
got a sweet deal from tix4tonight... make sure you check that out.  food was good and had a variety....just don&#39;t have the sushi - rice were dried out probably stayed out too long.
If you are a simpleton and like basic foods, this is the place for you.  I normally like to explore foods of a higher culinary expertise, though I do still appreciate the basics.  If you fit this category, read on..I was visiting Las Vegas with my parents and trying to show them why the buffets here are impressive, and after searching Yelp for the right one, I chose Cravings.  We were there at about 8pm on a Saturday night.  There was no line, which probably should have been an indication that it wasn&#39;t great, but at that point we had been looking for the &#34;perfect&#34; buffet and were just tired of searching.They had a wide variety of categories to choose from: Italian, carved meat, Latin, Mediterranean, Seafood, Sushi, Chinese and Salad.  However, within each category was the most basic of each food.  Italian: Pizza, pastas with either marinara or alfredo sauces. (I was hoping for fire baked crust and made-to-order pizzas, rather than old, hard cheese and meat)Carved meat: Prime rib or Turkey (where was the sirloin steak and Latin: Texas chili (not Latin!), tamales, and enchiladasMediterranean: pita bread, babaganoush, hummous.  (that&#39;s it??)Seafood: chilled cocktail shrimp and crab legs (they were too salty) and baked tilapia and salmon (typical)Chinese: stir friend veggies, beef chow mein, fried rice, orange chicken (comparable to Panda Express)Salad: romaine lettuce with your choice of dressing, and vegetable toppings (I was hoping for fruit toppings and candied nuts)And for dessert:  only a couple of selections of pie: dutch apple, raspberry chocolate silk, lemon merengue, and sugar free cheesecakes.  Throw in a few choices of rock-hard cookies and fresh fruit.I was expecting much more, to say the least.  I probably won&#39;t be coming back again, with or without my parents.  They weren&#39;t really impressed and we all felt that money spent on food did not match the quality.This being said, I have been to the buffet at Aria, and was much more impressed... See Aria for further review.
After reading a bunch of good review about this buffet, as a buffet fan, I decided to give it a try when I come to Vegas on my 21 bday. This craving is good with lots of food culture areas. However, honestly, I am kinda disapointed about the food tasting here. It quite so so but the cocktail is sooo good. Not bad for a try.
My typical experiences at a buffet. 1. I get my moneys worth no matter what the price is, I repeat, no matter what the price is. 2. I eat to the point of almost puking. 3. Not 28 bucks w/ gratuity. What on Earth went wrong at Cravings?! Please consider renaming to Loss of Appetite. Nothing I repeat, nothing looked tempting enough to reach my plate. I ate a couple slices of prime rib, guacamole and chips, some steak, fruits, done. Everything else tasted old.The gf went irate because I was not eating. Am I sick?
I have to eat at Cravings whenever I&#39;m in town.  I don&#39;t care how hung over I am, or how much money I&#39;ve lost, I will eat prime-rib, eggplant parm, sugar-free hazelnut gelato, sushi, sugar-free cheesecake, crab legs, fried shrimp, fried chicken, sausage, ham, bacon, smoked salmon, meat n&#39; cheese, and salad.  If you think that&#39;s gross, you should catch me when I&#39;m not on my diet.The last time I was here, my friend Cynthia and I never actually dined together.  It was more of a tag-team (not the Whoomp! There it is! kind).  Somehow, whenever one was eating, the other was going up for more food.  Next time, I&#39;ll be the 2 plates-at-a-time kind of girl.
After a rigorous (not really...) cost/value comparison across different Vegas buffets, we decided to come to Cravings.  Mimosa brunch was calling!Word of Warning: It is tempting to heap your plate full of food, but keep in mind (I made this mistake) food gets COLD on your plate and stays HOT in the serving area!  I piled my plate up with too much food my first time around, and it cooled off as I was making my way through it.   So disappointing.The food itself was pretty good, I sampled a bit of everything and nothing was bad.  I kept going back to the congee though, it was just so damn comforting.  I also may or may not have had an entire plate of bacon.  It&#39;s just how I roll...Service was fine, our waitress kept my mimosa glass full so I can&#39;t complain!  (They walk around with bottles of champagne alongside water pitchers and top you off...so after a little bit you it&#39;s just champagne with very little OJ).  Unlimited bloody marys is another option (same price as mimosas).
A good middle-tier Vegas buffet.  The buffets on the Strip cost anywhere from $10-$38 throughout the day.  My family came for weekend brunch which runs from 8 am - 3 pm and is a decent deal at $19 for a wide variety of breakfast and lunchtime fare.  I loved that the space was super-clean and the service was friendly.  We were comfortable dining there for 2 hours.  Hey, gotta get our money&#39;s worth!  Of the stuff I tried, the better items were the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, wonton noodles and the CHOCOLATE GELATO.  The stuff I&#39;d skip would be the crab legs (over-cooked), sushi (mostly rice and it&#39;s dry), dim sum (average) and the wonton dumplings (taste like they were frozen).
This buffet has designated areas: bbq, chinese, latin, italian, etc.  Chinese is always great.  So is italian and japanese.  The bbq is hit and miss.  The seafood is fresh.  They have a mongolian type bbq set up for noodle dishes.  Custom salads too.  Gelato is good.  Deserts are awesome!  Just had a raspberry macaroon tart this past weekend.  Wow.  Super Yum.  Beverages are always filled on time...no real waiting on refills.
I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago.. or supposedly for my first time, and everything was so pretty! It was probably because they had just transitioned from lunch into dinner... Anyway, I was excited. Everything is spaced out very nicely and the food was neatly presented. The staff were really nice.. especially for having to deal with 4 drunk girls. The lady who was seating us even asked if one of our girls was going to be okay considering she could barely comprehend what was going on.. hahaHowever, the food is not all that great. I would&#39;ve rather gone to the Bellagio. I think that the only thing I really liked was the pizza.. but then again, I was pretty drunk. The crab legs were mediocre. Not bad.. just not something I&#39;d want to spend my money on. The prime rib was disgusting - poorly seasoned and dry. I tried a little bit of everything and it all tasted bland... As for the dessert, I didn&#39;t even get to that.. Kind of turned off by it so I had fruit instead.
I was very hesitant to come back to place after my first visit years before when the Mirage buffet had been renovated into this odd place displaying food on a number of miniature screens at the entrance. I was simply unimpressed with the food the first time around, despite all the fancying up they tried to do to the place. However, my most recent trip I must say I was either really hungry or the food was really great. Or both...The meal ticket was a bit steep for two, but what buffet isn&#39;t nowadays in Vegas. I was just happy that I didn&#39;t have to pay extra for shrimp and cocktail sauce. And I was very surprised to see dim sum at 8 pm or so at night, but hey, it was delicious! And most of everything else I had, except for a view pieces of steak that were hecka dry and a hand roll that said there was some kind of fish in it but had nothing but some rice and veggies, it was quite alright. And I was very sad that the bar cost extra...[wipes tear away] Wish there had been more desserts to choose from, I didn&#39;t even see cheesecake, cupcakes, or cookies.Our waitress was great, she cleared dishes and replenished our drinks like a pro. Everyone that knows me knows thats always a plus to my dining experience.
This was definitely one of my favorite buffets in Vegas...5 years ago.  I feel like the variety is slowly dwindling every single time I come back though.I like how everything is easy to find and it&#39;s not an overwhelming amount of food.  I also like the selection that there still is there but I feel like everything quality wise is slowly going down as well.  I like the chinese food station cause they have one of my favorites, won ton noodle soup.  You just have to ask the sully looking dude standing behind the station to make it.The gelato is also good too, however you need to flag down someone to serve it to you.
This used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas many years ago, so I decided to give it a try this past Sunday, and I was very disappointed! Following are the reasons why: 1. $30 per person for brunch?!(Easter Weekend) 2. Our hostess was arguing loudly with the front personnel all the way to our table, over the head phone. 3. Although there were many stations(Carvings, Noodle, Raw Bar, Salad, Omelet Bar, Latin, Pasta, Dessert etc.) but nothing looked appetizing, some items even looked like they were defrosted from pre-made frozen packages. 4. Low Quality Foods: The Crab legs were still frozen, the hand rolls weren&#39;t made to order, and looked stale. I had them made a crepe for me, and it was the worst soggy, oily, oddly shaped crepe I&#39;ve ever had! The wonton noodle soup was very bland, and the wonton was way over cooked with unknown filling. They&#39;ve donuts and muffins at their dessert bar....am I at Home Town Buffet? why would anyone want to spent this much money for donuts &amp; muffins?? The only pleasant experience I had was our waitress, who was friendly and attentive, and the prime rib was tasty. Other than that, Cravings really need to step up in order for people wanting to crave it!!
My favorite buffet in Vegas!  My family likes breakfast foods and I don&#39;t, so we got here at 10:45 to get the best of both worlds (for $15).  This buffet has a huge selection and soft ambiance.  Here&#39;s what I loved about this place:1.  Great service- servers picked up plates and refilled drinks ASAP2.  Pita bread with baba ghanoush3.  Sweet potato and corn salad4.  Hand cut prime rib5. Coffee gelato6.  Made to order noodle soup7.  Chicken tacos with all the fixings + tortilla chips8.  Kung pao beefFYI:  My server told us that you can add a whole lobster with your meal for an additional $10.
I have to say I don&#39;t have much experience with buffets in Vegas, and therefore was thoroughly awed and impressed by the selection of food.  Our group got the Travelzoo deal ($40 for 2 people with wine/beer).  With gratuities and tax, it ended up being ~$26.50 per person.  The ceviche was good, and while I don&#39;t remember very many things being amazing, everything I had was yummy.  The hostesses and our waiter were super nice, talkative, and always made sure our drinks were filled.  My only regret was that my tummy is too small to try everything they had to offer :(
This place is awful... Let me reiterate... AWFUL. So maybe I got spoiled by going to the buffet at the Wynn, but really I don&#39;t know why anyone would want to eat here.  The food is completely bland and the service is HORRIBLE.  The server took 20 minutes before she even came over to say hello and ask us for our drinks.  There was no plate pick up throughout the WHOLE meal and the food was bland bland bland! Icky.
Agree with Jeremy A. - this place has great value. Heck, I was happy thinking of the buffet this way:&#34;Whoa, $25 is a great deal for all you can eat shrimp cocktail!&#34;(And if you just do that, they will probably lose money on you!)Random thoughts.- The sushi is pretty lame. It clearly comes out of a machine, gross. The temaki is OK but like all temaki it is 99% rice and 1% fish.- Delicious prime rib. It is arguably better than the stuff at the Bellagio, which I found to be dry and flavorless. They also have actual (non-creamy) horseradish, which I appreciate deeply.- GREAT gelato - but the guy was giving everyone the evil eye, I don&#39;t know why. I won&#39;t hold it against the place.- And of course, great shrimp cocktail / raw bar :)I&#39;d love to come back here next time I&#39;m in Vegas.
So we were hungry and we were looking for a legit buffet so we decided to check this place out. When we went it was not crowned at all. There was no line to pay so we headed straight up to the registered and payed the entrance fee. We were seated by a nice lady and we started to grub. I think it was crab legs night so that&#39;s what we all went for first. We all grabbed a plate load of crab legs with butter and munched on those for a good while. They had other stuff like some sushi stuff that i ate, but it was all about the crab legs. For dessert that had a little gelato bar so i got some of each flavor. They had the little dessert treats that were so-so...so i didn&#39;t really eat any of those. Overall the service was good. Whenever i left an empty plate on the table, it was picked up by the time i got back with a new plate. I ordered an ice tea and i can say it was never empty. Also it was very clean and it was a good experience.
It&#39;s a buffet enough said. Price is decent food was decent only had breakfast.
I really liked this buffet. Almost everything I tried, I liked. There was a lot of flavor and a variety of foods from different places available. Dessert choices were pretty good too. I even took a few cookies back to my room to eat the next day. I&#39;d come back.
This place came recommended by many as the buffet with the best value food-cost wise. 25 bucks for dinner on the weekday. For my first round, I got the beef roast from the carving station, shrimps, crab legs, fish (cod and bass), sweet potato fries, and a salmon skin roll. The beef was delicious but a bit over processed or too tenderized. And you can&#39;t really choose how much it&#39;s cooked. They just slice you off a piece. And I love sweet potato fried but these were just ok. The crab was too salty for me. Next I got a bowl of pho and wonton noodle soup from the noodles station as well as some porridge/congee from the Asian station. Yeah I know I&#39;m very Asian. They were piping hot and so tasty. The bowls are weird though so you can&#39;t put too much in there without it spilling. I couldn&#39;t eat too much after that so I went to the desserts, getting some fruit and gelato. I love that they have their own display case of gelato - about 8 different flavors worth. There&#39;s so many other stations too - pizza/Italian, Mexican, seafood, Asian, carving, salad, cold foods, noodle, and desserts. Something for everyone. I also came here for champagne brunch a couple years ago and it was amazing. We stayed for hours, enjoying the food and out mimosas. Also a good price for good food.
I love it here.. Their food is awesome.. and they have many selections.. They have several soups too.. and you know I love my soups!Their plates are nice and big.. interesting too.. They make it seem like a huge buffet.. but it&#39;s set up where different themes are sectioned off.. the spaces between each section is rather large.. very spacey..But it&#39;s ok.. it&#39;s like getting a workout while eating at the same time..Their desserts were good.. I love coming to this buffet..
My friends and I were absolutely ravishingly starving when we arrived to Vegas after what seemed to be a flight from hell! Immediately after checking into our rooms, we sought out the hotels buffet to stuff our faces.I have only read good things about the Bellagio and Wynn buffets and so we walked in not knowing what to expect. Overall, it was &#39;ok&#39; for the price. Fortunately, there was no wait when we strolled in but it was a bit early (5pm). There&#39;s  station with Italian, Chinese, BBQ, and seafood. Their seafood option wasn&#39;t that great though. All they had was shrimp cocktail and crab legs but the crab legs are skinny and sorta sad looking.The desserts were &#39;blah&#39; and nothing mouth watering which was also no surprise to me. Overall, we were starving and coming here served its purpose for us but it&#39;s definitely not worth a revist.
Could be worse.  Seems as though the food grows progressively more disappointing.  When I was younger--by younger, I mean early elementary--the place was alway packed with people, and the food was actually nod-worth for a buffet.  I haven&#39;t been to the buffet inside of Caesar&#39;s in years, but back then, Caesar&#39;s food was worse than Mirage&#39;s.  If you don&#39;t eat a whole lot (ex. me), you might grow a bit bored after a plate, but the environment makes family dining much more relaxed than at most other places.
Maybe it&#39;s called &#34;Cravings&#34; because you crave better food when you leave.My opinion on the buffets in Vegas is you get what you pay for. That being said, we opted to try the buffet here because we didn&#39;t want to wait in a 1-2 hour line at the Wynn. I had been here only once before, about 6 years ago, and since then, they changed a lot.. from what I remember, anyway. We came around 7 and had to wait maybe 20 minutes to get seated. I liked how everything was spread out, so it was really easy to get what you wanted, and move on. The rice pilaf was really good, along with their meat. My friend and I thought it was awesome that they had a panini and gyro guy who would make you one to order. I immediately decided on a turkey and cheese panini. After waiting about 5 minutes for someone to come help us, a man who barely spoke english grumbled that we get what he makes us, and put together a sloppy-looking panini with ham, cheese, onion, and some pesto. After all of the hassle it took to get one, the sandwich didn&#39;t taste all that great. Their spinach-artichoke dip was also not a winner with us. Too much spinach, not enough flavor. You really do get what you pay for, so I wasn&#39;t expecting too much out of it. Can&#39;t say I was really surprised.
Went there for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.  Nothing that says wow.  Just your basic breakfast fare like eggs, sausage potatoes.  They have congee but nothing else out of the ordinary.  I was expecting a lot more but it seems like all the same stuff that you get from Hometown Buffet.  Quality really isn&#39;t that much better in my opinion.  Service wasn&#39;t that great either.  It took a while to get a refill of my drinks and even then they messed up my order.All in all with the abundance of options in Vegas, I will not be returning to Cravings anytime time soon.  I should have stuck with my initial urge and went to the Bellagio Buffet instead.
I think this is one of the best buffets I&#39;ve had in Vegas.  The price is decent, and the food selection was great.  One of my biggest problems with buffets is the fresh-ness/quality of the food, and that didn&#39;t seem to be a big issue here.  I also liked their selection of gelato and desserts.  Gelato for brunch, mmm!**** update 3/27/08This time Cravings was even cheaper!  I think the key is to come around 10:30, because there&#39;s no line then and you get in for breakfast prices ($15) but you can stay into &#34;lunch&#34; (prices change at 11 I think).  Again, very satisfied with my meal.  They had fried plantains, and they do Asian food better than any buffet I&#39;ve been to (which isn&#39;t saying that much, but is saying something).
I&#39;m not a big fan of buffets....but I think Cravings is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas!!!  I love how there are soooo many options....Chinese, Mexican, Vietnamese, Italian, American, etc.....everything possible.  I love how there are several stations where you can have your food made to order - pho, wonton mein, crepes, pasta...and the list continues.I would definitely recommend this buffet!!!
By far, my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  I really like the Bellagio one, but honestly, I like the fact that Cravings really caters to Asians.  My first course is always jook porridge with LOTS OF KIMCHI!  They have a variety, but not such an expansive variety.  Hands down, Bellagio has a better dessert selection, but after a whole plate of shrimp, jook, there is no space for dessert anywaz.  They also make a lot of food in front of you like crepes, paninis, and other foods.Whenever I go to Vegas, I must go to CRAVINGS.......Me LIKEEE!
Now the only reason my bf and I made it a point to eat here during one of our visits was because Cravings was voted one of the best buffets in LV!  My experience here was not what I expected.  After being a loyal customer at the Buffet @ Bellagio, I expected greatness after being named one of the top buffets on the strip.  What I CAN say about this place is that they have the best asian food I&#39;ve tasted from international buffets such as cravings.  They had wonton soup, a beef noodle soup, and spring rolls!  I&#39;ve never seen these options on a strip buffet so I was impressed.  The quality was good tho not as good as authentic asian food of course.  But their asian options by far exceeded other buffets of its kind.  The dessert selection was great.  Loved the gelato and the macaroons!!  I couldn&#39;t stop myself from getting seconds and thirds.  The prime rib was inconsistent.  Some slices were good and others were dry and unappetizing.  I think that the food here is solid and gives you a diversity of dishes that you don&#39;t find at other buffets on the strip.  I will applaud them for attempting to satisfy any &#34;cravings&#34; you may have be it pizza or sashimi. This place is decently priced for lunch and so if you are in the area and are starving this would be a viable option for you and your group.
It&#39;s Vegas. Ain&#39;t nothing wrong with getting hammered before noon while you&#39;re still nursing last night&#39;s hangover while stuffing your face with goodies at the same time. It just makes sense.-------Mimosas, melt-in-your-mouth prime rib, mimosas, not-your-average-wimpy-shrimp-cocktail shrimp cocktail, mimosas, giant crab legs, mimosas, smoked salmon, more mimosas.... finish it off with AYCE gelato.
holy moly. the worst buffet ever. it was like a bad hometown buffet. my husband had two small plates and decided he didnt want to put his taste buds through any more misery and just start pounding away at their complimentary  beer. everything was cold and extremely salty. i had a bite of the prime rib and i felt like i just put a cube of salt in my mouth -_- at one point they even ran out of clean plates! this buffet cost more than the wicked spoon (which i love) for two ppl we payed about 65$ this buffet was worth 15.99 per person. will never return
A very interesting buffet place. I like the fact that they serve so many different ethnic foods. They don&#39;t just have your typical stuff. It was different and somewhat tasty. I don&#39;t usually like buffets, but this place is decent. There is a wide variety of choices. One of the better items I got was the Pesto Panini sandwhich. It was pretty tasty. Also, the mediterrian dishes were decent too. The dim sum was ok, but if you are not too picky about taste, this is a good place to go since the variety is pretty amazing.
We came here because we were watching LOVE and only had an hour to grab dinner. 29/pp wasn&#39;t bad for the food. I had them heat my king crab legs and those came out delicious. The prawns were big and the bay shrimp in different sauces were good. The prime rib could have been better, but it is a buffet.  Our server was attentive, constantly clearing plates and refilling our drinks.
Last minute choice turned out pretty good. Some nice people gave us their two for one coupon so we paid only $20.18 for brunch. The selection was okay for the price.  Dessert was good: vanilla chocolate and mint gelato, selfish!
First night and we need to get some good dinner. Chaste and clean but not really spotless, It would be a four star but I reserve that for other International buffets like one I had in SoCA, forgotten. I think this ones @ Mirage Hotel and Casino. Its like $25 per head, I usually go to just the Asian/ American food but if I was to choose, I wouldnt come here. Buffet is good once in a while but i like doing ala cartes better. A narrower choice of food menu satisfies me more at the end of the meal. This place is not for me that night. I was tired-- i couldve settled for a subway and go to bed or start the chillaxing. I eat only to the point im full and not to the point of almost puking just to get your money&#39;s worth. My sis loves food and oh how she loves buffet. I guess she splurged with all those desserts. If she has a yelp account this would surely get high stars for her.
When I go to vegas, this will be my Sunday Brunch Dining choice!They have everything!-Crab-Gelato-Pot Stickers-Sushi - not the best-Breakfast foods (my fav)-Desserts - all kindsGreat dining experience!
CRAVINGS BUFFETThis is a decent buffet in the Mirage at Las Vegas. It&#39;s definitely improved over the years. I recall going there as a kid in the early 90&#39;s, where I met tennis star, Michael Chang, and got his autograph. Wide variety of foods here, but fast forward to 2008 and beyond, where the Cravings Buffet has expanded and vastly improved. There is quite an international feel to the buffet, ranging from Americano to Mexicano to Asian (Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese). Lots of cut meats to choose from and plenty of soups to try! Desserts included cakes, tarts, bread pudding, and a gelato bar! Drinks are free, so drink up if you&#39;re into fruit juices: orange, cranberry, apple, etc. Service was great too, as they servers regularly cleaned our tables and refilled our drinks. The food is arrayed around the the dining area in a wide circular arc, making you walk a bit to find your favorite foods (a little exercise within the buffet compound). Not a bad buffet in Las Vegas. Not the best, but hey, it&#39;s not Bellagio!
We went here for Champagne Brunch. It was pretty good. The price includes unlimited champagne and/or unlimited mimosas (orange juice and champagne), so it was a GREAT deal.  We had a pretty big party and our waitress was reallly nice and didnt seem to mind constantly bringing us refills for our mimosas and champagne glasses.  As for the food, a few of the things that I can remember are crab legs, shrimp, some sushi, gyros (yum!), paininis, and other basic buffet foods.  They had a pretty good selection of international dishes, so if all you really want is american food, I wouldn&#39;t recommend this buffet.  Since it was brunch, they also had breakfast foods and dessert!  They even had gelato, yes gelato!  Overall, we had a really good experience, and would definitely come back to this buffet for champagne brunch!
I really like the food.  For what we paid for, it was totally worth it.  They have plenty of crab legs and seafood varieties like mussels and clams.  I really like the soup.  It&#39;s very tasty.  The only thing I was a little annoyed was the services.  Some time, it&#39;s hard to get a server to get a refill.
My cousin took m here for brunch. It was &#34;ok&#34;. I&#39;ve never been a buffet in Vegas... not since I was 10 years old. It&#39;s crazy how expensive buffets in Vegas can be. I guess different place have different prices - Craving was only $15 for the brunch. Since they stop serving breakfast at 11AM go there a quarter till because by 11AM they whip out the lunch special. I think they have different pricing for lunch... not too sure though.The lay out of the place was cumbersome. Although they have good intensions I think the location of each section of the food made it difficult to grab the food. The service was ok. Nothing to spectacular. They just refilled our drinks and took our dirty plates away.
First off this place will cost you around 27 after tax for dinner time and the wait time isn&#39;t too bad. The price is decent considering sushi buffets back home were around that price after tip. I heard the price varies alot depending on the time and day.I was told by everyone that this buffet was pretty good but honestly I was kinda disappointed. I honestly expected Vegas food to be top notch, like looking at the food makes me want to drool. You get a variety of food from diff cultures. I would say the spotlight to this place would be the prime rib and the seafood. They have some nice wonton soup but stay away from the chicken noodle. Desserts looked very bland. The gelato ice cream is pretty delicious looking too, they have someone serving it to you. I&#39;d stay away from the sushi.I didn&#39;t really eat that much because I was anticipating barfing later that night but overall I felt this place was just okay... It&#39;s good for the price, I guess for the quality I was expecting, I&#39;d need to pay more money.
Went for Champagne Brunch with a 2-4-1 coupon, they charge extra if you want the Champagne, that sucks. With the coupon great deal, would be mad if I had paid full price.Selection is great, the taste not so much, I think its not good enough for The Mirage, it def. has gone downhill... put some effort you guys!!!A solid &#34;OK&#34;
Came here on memorial day and i.must say the food was absolutely bland. I tried every food here and the only thing I liked was the potstick and pizza. All the meat were unflavored. I am Vietnamese by the way and I tried their Pho and it was an embarassment for them to serve that. Its not authenthic at all. Desserts were okay but it was on memorial day so it cost more than usual. It was basically 38$ per person. Definately noth worth it. Rather go to McDonalds or anything else. Such a high class hotel but bland food. Won&#39;t ever try this place again!
I&#39;ve only had dinner here with my family but we all loved it.It is convenient how they label each section so we know exactly where to go to get seafood, salads, Chinese, Italian, etc.The price was decent, it costed us way less than the teppanyaki at Benihanas we had the night before, haha.I loved their variety of foods.The waiter was extra nice.
Since I found myself in the Mirage, I decided to try the buffet here and found it decent.  Their dessert section was a bit lacking since it tended to lack variety (all being stuff I usually don&#39;t eat) and they did have a variety of items but nothing really special.  I prefer the buffet at Paris&#39; over this.
Cravings is the third buffet in Vegas I&#39;ve tried this year and it&#39;s right there in the middle. It&#39;s better than the MGM Grand Buffet, but not as nice as Aria&#39;s Buffet. The variety of choices is huge (they have Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, and American), but they only have about 4-5 items of each food ethnicity. The shrimp cocktails and king crab legs are of decent size and taste fresh. The prime rib is a notch better than your average buffet. The dessert section is limited, but the taste quality is high. I suggest saving room for the gelato ice cream and many of the pastries. Service was good. However, with many other Las Vegas buffets still left to try, I would only eat here again with free dining credit.
I came here on a Monday night, not wanting to leave the hotel. It didn&#39;t look like too many people were there, until actually getting into the restaurant. It was quite busy so that put me at ease because I&#39;ve never tried this buffet before. They had a full international buffet with Italian, American, Japanese, Chinese, seafood, soul food, not to mention, the desserts, and A full alcohol bar. The service is great and the staff was really friendly.  I would definitely come here again if I was staying at the Mirage.
Decent selection, though nothing too special.  The desserts were excellent, but their &#34;latin&#34; food selection was pathetic.  Service was good, the place was pretty clean, but my husband got food poisoning and threw up at 1 am after having our late lunch at Cravings.I know he won&#39;t want to go back again, but it&#39;s still a 3 star in my book.
I&#39;ve been here twice and it&#39;s a decent place to have lunch.  I came here yesterday for lunch and the price was $20 per person.  Thankfully, my brother-in-law was Papa Georgio this week and had Gold Status with M life and we got comped for four lunches.  There were a lot of choices to pick from like a Asian food section, BBQ, Italian, Latino, and a raw section too.  My favorites were the cioppino, sweet potato fries, and their  shrimp.   They also had a salad bar where they prepared the salad for you with everything you wanted. Their selection of desserts was pretty disappointing though.  I probably wouldn&#39;t come here for dinner based on their lunch selection and quality, but I would go to the lunch again if need be.
Being vegetarian, we walked around a few buffets before deciding our sunday brunch...we saw wynn, cravings and treasure island and decided on the mirage buffet. Excellent selection, great service and quality food.We walked around the susi bar but saw no vege sushi, the cook there promptly rolled us some avocado and vegetables sushi...The selection contained both breakfast and main meal items...The spring rolls, pizza, mex wraps, waffles, thai salads and dessets were all excellent. In drinks, they served champagne, lemonade, orange juice etc.Overall, we enjoyed the lunch.
Decided to grab a quick bite at The Mirage while waiting to watch a show so Cravings buffet was the answer.  Not too bad.  Didn&#39;t really eat anything but prime rib and that was very good.  This seemed like a no frills simple style Vegas buffet with the usual standard selections.
I thought everything was nasty here besides for the carved meat. Some of the stuff you don&#39;t even want to go near it if you saw it. The asian food was the worst, talk about disgusting, I didn&#39;t have any or go there for it, but just looking at it gave me the creeps. The desert wasn&#39;t any better either, the gelato tasted ewww. I only came here after seeing the crazy line at the Wynn. Next time I will wait in that crazy line.
I&#39;ve been to this buffet a couple of times for dinner and i love it! They have a huge selection such as italian, chinese, american, etc. and even a gelato station. It&#39;s about $30/pp but it&#39;s definately worth it. Highly recommend!
This was the only buffett that I hit up while in vegas.. bummer I know.. haha and both times I wasnt in tip top shape to eat. The first time I was hung over and I could only eat one plate and the 2nd time I was too tired and wasnt in the mood to drink my unlimited champagne or bloody marys.. SO UPSETTING i know.. i really let myself down this trip haha. It was priced perfectly and they had a huge selection of food. Hell they even had pho up in this spot. Their sushi sucked.. but their deserts and salads were awesome. I really recommend going here.. its a good place to check out if your on a budget and want some good food. I was on a budget due to all the freakin money i lost hahaha.
the buffet was ok.  i dont think there&#39;s too many options.  i used a coupon for 2 for $40 with beer and wine.  the food was just average.
I&#39;ve had way better buffets in Vegas, and this was definitely not one I&#39;d go back to. Let&#39;s start with the positives: the buffet was clean, circling around the tables in the eating area, and separated into a large variety of different cuisines. The prime rib and pastas were mediocre, and the gelato was yummy. That was about as far as the positives went. The bread (or is it?) was hard and crumbled into flakes when I took a bite. The sushi (or their attempt at one) was hard, so it was futile to even use a fork to pick it up. Our server was inattentive and seemed annoyed when we had to ask for drink refills. Now I know the lines outside better buffets are there for a reason; there was no line at Cravings and the tables were mostly empty on the Friday evening we went.
We went to Mirage&#39;s buffet for dinner last night. It was very disappointing compared to Bellagio we went the night before.  They had a poor variety of foods.  The  broth of the Asian wonton noodle soups was so plain and tasteless. No sashimi, only some sushi rolls.  Dessert selection was so poor.  Fruits were all diced up in small pieces. The price was $24.95 + tax= $26.95.  Will not come back.
Took the family out for some pre-Mother&#39;s day celebration. Everyone wanted to try a new place for brunch so Cravings here we come. I like the food. My favorite was the dimsum, grilled fish, and omellete station. I had shrimp cocktail and snow crab legs (which was already cut in half for easy access to the crab meat). They did have a lot of dishes to choose from and I was glad we came here. The desserts awesome. Tried the peach crepe and loved the gelatos.
I liked it coz whenever I played poker I used to get the comp. But unfortunately they don&#39;t have it anymore.
When I got to Cravings I was kinda disappointed that there was no line. You know what that means? The food must not taste good. There was definitely a lot of variety but they were all lacking in quality. I was quite fond of the cocktail shrimp and ceviche, but you can&#39;t messed those up now can you? I wouldn&#39;t recommend this place to anyone. If you really want to go to a buffet that taste good, I would recommend you head to Rio or the Bellagio. It&#39;s more expensive, but at least the quality of food is better. The staff are quicker to take away your plates and refilling yours drinks.
So disappointed.  I&#39;ve had much better in Reno.  The prime rib was tough, the seafood was nothing special  and the desserts were horrible.  Save your money and go to the Buffet at the Bellagio or the Wynn.  Or just walk a few steps and head over to Carnegie Deli.  Don&#39;t waste your calories here.
I had my first champagne brunch here and I loved it!!! Even though it was an international brunch type thing, I think the asian section was the best. I felt bad for having a salad at a buffet, but I don&#39;t regret it. Their salad was so fresh, you choose all your ingredients, I had to have it. The dessert selection was kind of a bummer, but the ice cream was good. This, for me, was way, way better than the Rio Carnival &#34;World&#34; buffet.
I can&#39;t find anything wrong with the place.  I good selection of food and desserts.  I ate for free with a credit from the hotel from a summer special offered at the website.  Even it it wasn&#39;t free, the price made the meal worth it, seeings as the food is better and more affordable then other buffets.
Friday before Christmas, about 8:00 pm. and we were seated immediately. Maybe because there is an abundance of casino buffets, but it beats standing in a Disneyland-like line at our local casino.  Beverage service was immediate and we tied on the feedbag for round one.  Nicely laid out buffet with several stations of options. Salad bar allowed you to choose your greens, toppings and dressing and then have it hand-tossed by a staffer.  Served up in a nice deep bowl.  Somehow it just made it taste better and I didn&#39;t want to give it up.  A dribble of melted in a bowl and then a handful of crab legs.  A little on the smallish side - snow crab? Good, sweet, but alot of work for little yield.  Next stop was the noodle area - BBQ pork won ton noodles for me.  Not the greatest, but definitely a nice option.  Next plate = perfectly medium rare prime rib with a little scoop of corn, a dab of mashed potatoes to stick it together and a piece of pizza.  Last go-around included a pecan square, lemon tart, and  cranberry orange cookie, which miraculously found its way under a napkin and into my purse for later. Nice bedtime snack. Did I eat $27 worth? Probably not, but there were tons of options and most were not bad.
came here for my first buffet in vegas.  it was mediocre, not much selection as many stations were empty.  ie: the latin food only consisted of guacamole and salsa.  the prime rib there was pretty good though.  but all in all, not much selection.
my friends and i seem to hit up this buffet everytime we&#39;re in vegas. definitely a decent buffet with loads to choose from. they have a lot of seafood...shrimp cocktail and crab legs are definitely a staple. they even have gelato!
i have been here on 2 different vegas trips and it is still probably my favorite buffet (it and the bellagio so far, still need to try wicked spoon, but that is for the next trip).  they have a large variety of food, my favorites are the ribs, the asian part where the guy makes you whatever soup that you want, and it is really good soup, crab tastes good too.  the sushi is very meh, and i would not recommend it at all.  if you want sushi, go to the bellagio.  the italian section is good too, but my favorite section is the dessert section.  the pastries are very good, and some contain alcohol which i have not seen at any other buffet in vegas.  cookies are nice and soft and chewy, but the thing that makes the buffet really good to me is the gelato bar.  they only have like 5 flavors if i remember correctly (chocolate, vanilla, lemon, pistachio, coffee, and some berry one i think) along with a variety of toppings you can put in it.  i think the gelato bar is what sets it apart from any other buffet.  ill probably be here again in one of my upcoming vegas trips
This review is solely based on my two visits here (so maybe biased)I was disappointed at the first time I came here with a colleague for the following reasons:1. We waited for almost 45mins for our ramen a to arrive 2. Tonkotsu ramen&#39;s broth was too greasy and bland for me. Not much flavor either. The second time we were happy because we picked the right stuff:1. Miso hungry ramen: adding miso and spice makes the bland broth much more flavorful. Even tho it&#39;s still have some room for improvement, I was generally quite satisfied with this ramen. The spicy pork that I added was really good! 2. Ice and fire: much clear but still flavorful broth. Mint balanced out the grease in the broth.3. Pork belly buns: I am a fan! You should get this no doubt!
Good:. Cute place. Very small.  Trendy.  Outdoor seating available. Bad: Inside extremely loud (Motorhead) head banging Music extremely loud and very hard rock. Ramen is disgusting.  Extremely salty.  Could not taste the broth.  Menu does not mention that ALL noodles are wheat (made in house).  Broth  and noodles are so.important for good ramen!  Maybe people that are giving this place good reviews don&#39;t know what good Japanese ramen is.  It&#39;s very disappointing. Don&#39;t waste your time or money.  Seriously.Service: We only saw Janeille to take our order and pick up our tab.  Never checked in on us.  I was waiting, because I wanted to see the menu again.  Eventually had to flag down another waitress.  When Janeille picked up our tab, I asked if we maybe had had a choice of noodle ... an option that maybe maybe we had missed she informed me that this is a &#34;traditional&#34; Japanese restaurant.  If I wanted choices, a Vietnamese restaurant is where we should go.  What?  We know what traditional Japanese ramen is...she informed me that this is traditional Japanese with a southern twist.  Where or what was the twist?  I also mentioned to her that the broth was extremely salty, as she walked away she flipantly said she&#39;d mention so, to someone.  Really, she could care less.  Never saw her again. So, I&#39;m giving this place a 1 star.  Food was junk.  Customer service tacky.
Drove from D.C. to North Carolina to check out the mountains and animals in the forest. Everywhere I go, I like to check up on Ramen places because my taste buds and mind always work in conjunction to lure me into it. I am not a Ramen connoisseur by any means, but I have pretty much tried all of the Ramen joints in the D.C. area and wanted to check out a ramen place in Charlotte to see how it compares to what&#39;s local to me. After a quick glance on Yelp, we (My companion and I)  decided to check out this place.It&#39;s tucked in an area along the city rail so it&#39;s a convenient stop if you&#39;re hungry! The place was packed both outside and inside, so that was a good sign! We went inside and was warmly greeted by the receptionist. There was a 15 minute wait, but luckily, they have a texting system so they will text you when a seat is available.After having a seat, the friendly waitress took the order. I ordered the Tonkotsu and my companion orderd the Miso (Hungry) from the menu. I didn&#39;t get the joke at first! We also ordered the pork belly buns.The pork belly buns literally came out within 2 minutes and they were beautifully presented. I took a bite and it literally, melted in my mouth and was orgasmic. When you have something melt in your mouth like warm butter, you know it&#39;s good for you (for your taste buds and mind. Not so sure about your heart, haha). That was the best pork belly buns I&#39;ve ever had!Now onto the Ramen. Again, they were beautifully presented. Very colorful, with each item (egg, red stuff, onions, etc...) separated into different sections. It looks like a colorful painting. Too pretty to eat, but I ate it anyways. It was one of the best Ramen that I&#39;ve ever had! The broth was flavorful and not too strong and not too light. Perfect balance. Remember, Balance is the Heart of Everything! Like Yin Yang. Also, the portion was just right in terms of noodles to pork and the amount of food was just enough.Totally recommended and worth the 6 hour drive to eat here. Yummers.
We are regulars here and never once have we been disappointed by the quality of the food. We are usually seated right away and always had good servers that checked up on us regularly. Price point wise, it is on the pricier side but because the food is good it is definitely worth it!
I am a ramen snob as I&#39;ve tried it in DC, NY, IL, LA and now NC. Everywhere I go I make sure to try the best. Honestly I&#39;ve never not finished my bowl of ramen before. I got the tonkotsu ramen and was immediately grossed out by how oily the ramen is. Maybe they&#39;re trying to cater to the folks here who are used to a stick of butter and grease. I didn&#39;t find it appetizing. I actually forced myself to take a few more bites because I didn&#39;t want to waste my money. I also got the pork bun which was just subpar. Way overpriced for what it is. They should work on improving their slaw. I&#39;m extremely disappointed that this was a terrible find. Please if you don&#39;t want a heart attack don&#39;t get the tonkotsu ramen. Maybe the others are better.
Nothing really special about this ramen but the appetizers were pretty good. The setting of the restaurant was more enjoyable.
It&#39;s a ramen/weeb/hipster mix. It&#39;s fine.Situated at the corner of a street, the sign of the place only appears at the front door, but not on the side of the restaurant itself, so if it wasn&#39;t for the patrons sitting outside, I might&#39;ve missed it. Ordered the toro and the Miso ramen on my visit. The toro was cut fairly thin, which is fine for nigiri, and I get that toro is expensive as hell, but having just three pieces for $16 kind of hurt internally. Especially since I&#39;ve paid less for more and better fish grade for toro before.The ramen itself had a good full flavored broth with decent fixings on it. Personally could&#39;ve done without the sprouts. But that&#39;s a personal preference.It was an okay experience.
Heard good things about this place, so decided to check it out! Very glad I did.Atmosphere: Came at 10 PM on a Saturday, no line at that time, though the place was actually relatively packed. It&#39;s a small shop, very nicely decorated with a dim interior. Service: Service was great! We sat at the bar, and was asked how we were doing throughout the meal.   Waters were refilled without prompting, and we were asked if we wanted chili sauce also without prompting. Everyone was very friendly. Food: tonkotsu with sprouts. - Pros: Solid broth. I had some pretty nice ramen in LA, and this shares the same feel of flavors. Pork is rich and amazing! Fatty and lean parts delicious in their different ways. Noodles were the perfect consistency. Great variety of veggies that give burst of flavor. Presentation is beautiful!- Cons: Medium portion size, though I was full at the end. The onsen egg is almost entirely runny, and I prefer the ajitama. Overall, if you are a Ramen fanatic and visiting Charlotte, I would recommend trying this place!
Had the Tonkotsu Ramen. I like the toppings and extra stuff, noodles had good texture, broth just tasted salty, no other flavor. Very small place, I loved the ambiance and the decor. Ice cream was definitely five stars! Definitely go back for it. A little pricey.
Best ramen I&#39;ve ever had!! Great atmosphere, awesome food and very friendly service! It&#39;s a little complicated to find but the workers were more than happy to give you directions! The guy went out of his way to stand outside the restaurant and look for our car to lead us into the parking garage!! So worth it!!!!
Futo Buta.. the fat pig. It&#39;s expensive, there&#39;s limited seating.. but somehow, I keep wanting to go back.AMBIENCEVery limited seating, all wood-interior. Dimly lit. It&#39;s open seating (family style) but not family friendly. Don&#39;t be surprised if you&#39;re sitting right next to complete strangers.  If you have a large party, it&#39;s kind of inconvenient. I love the roll of paper they use to highlight their off-the menu menu as well as their beer specials. One TV... usually plays the big game of the night. LOCATIONSouth Boulevard off of Bland Street. Park in the apartment complex that it&#39;s part of. If you head towards the back of the parking lot, there are reserved spots for the restaurant. FOOD Pork Belly Buns. $10. Worth it. The pork belly is super tender but slightly crispy. The veggies on top offer a crunch and a much-needed vinegary element to cut the fattiness. Be forewarned... the buns.... there are only 2 of them. They are tiny. Karaage Chicken. Worth it. The chicken is citrusy and comes with a spicy mayo sauce. The chicken is breaded very lightly.. Jonny described it as &#34;Japanese chicken nuggets&#34;. The portions are small. Miso Ramen. Worth it. The broth is delicious and thick. The noodles taste homemade. The slowly cooked egg is silky and adds to the overall earthiness of the dish. Add the local mushrooms... so worth it. Tonkotsu Ramen. Sort of worth it. Very hearty. We preferred the miso ramen. Eat while it&#39;s hot... if you try to eat it slowly, the broth kind of &#34;coagulates&#34; and turns into a congealed mess.Green tea soft serve. They don&#39;t always have it.. but if they do, get it.
Great fast efficient service in a timely manner. Servers and employees really friendly! Good location next to the train station. Atmosphere really clean and modern. Can&#39;t go wrong with the various choices of ramen to meet anyone&#39;s taste buds. Recommend the BBC Pork belly buns! Also the Shoyu ramen. Only thing is that it gets crowded during weekends so try to get there early!
Futo Buta was such an amazing experience.It is a cute ramen place and since they opened up they have added a lot more on the menu. Everything was so good.
Delicious food and a great twist on ramen which I&#39;d never had like this before. Their desserts are the best after dinner treat. The flavors are super unique and rich.
For Ramen this is as good as it gets in Charlotte. Parking is available all over south end but not right at the restaurant. You can also take the light rail and walk. The restaurant is small but cozy. It&#39;s well thought out with nice details for service (napkins, chopsticks are all upper end of the consumables scale)They do a good job in their raw items, as they try to serve fresh uni and such when it&#39;s available and do a relatively good job at it. Their rice bowl starters are pretty good but my favorite of all the starters is their spicy tuna rice crispy. As for the ramen itself, I&#39;m a big fan of the Tonkotsu with an extra side of spicy pork. The ramen is rich in flavor and well executed. Now, as for the reason I&#39;m only giving them four stars and not five: value. The pricing is a little steep for what you are getting. There are plenty of other ramen places that serve as good or better ramen, but unfortunately they are not in Charlotte. I feel sometimes they skimp on product and you never want to feel that way in a restaurant. Nevertheless, the food is good and the pricing doesn&#39;t bother me enough to not go because it&#39;s the only place to get some good ramen around.
Pretty good, but a little pricey for ramen. I have had better for about 33% cheaper in other cities but I don&#39;t think there are many ramen options in Charlotte other than Yama. Tonkatsu and miso are probably the best of the ramen. Wish they had more than 2 pieces of pork belly because that is seriously some of the best pork belly in Charlotte. Also, 2 pieces doesn&#39;t balance with all of the noodles. Must try the brussels sprouts. The pork buns are teeny tiny. Trendy place right on the light rail.
This place is very tiny. The tables were tiny and it isn&#39;t the best place to go to with a large party. 7 people aren&#39;t even able to fit at one table. The wait was fine. They got everything out quick. Waitress was super sweet. However, the ramen dish I tried was horrible. I believe it&#39;s only the dish I specifically chosen. My other family members enjoyed their food but agreed that they would never go back because it wasn&#39;t anything special. My dish was filled filled with cheese and was extremely salty.
What to get: tonkotsu ramenService: 4/5Atmosphere: casual, small crowded shopWait: 20 mins (Saturday 3PM for 1)Parking: metered street parking (free on weekends), parking garageThe Experience:Very crowded ramen spot in a small shop, I&#39;d only go on off times and with a very small group (or solo). Tucked behind a shopping strip, you&#39;ll need to park along the street or in nearby parking garages. If you add cold weather with possible rain, be ready to wait more. They actually have a texting system so you don&#39;t have to wait there, so that&#39;s pretty convenient.If you do wait it out, their food is pretty great. I only ordered their tonkotsu ramen since I didn&#39;t want to stay in there too long. Maybe having lunch late and it being cold influenced my appetite, but I ate the whole bowl. The noodles were fresh and had an almost al dente texture. The broth was rich and balanced, not too fatty or salty, which is key. Lastly, I&#39;ll note that the smoked pork belly had a great crunchy &#39;bark&#39; when biting into it. I didn&#39;t expect that, but if you love a change in textures, this is a fantastic surprise.Gochisosama deshita!
Being new to Charlotte, we were so excited to learn that there was a ramen place here. Having been deprived of that pork broth for weeks, we went hunting for the best ramen. My other half and I traveled the world a bit and have tried a variety of different flavored ramen broth. So I think I would know the profile of tonkotsu ramen. What we expected was a rich pork flavor. What we got was a bowl of noodles sitting in a bland and under seasoned broth. To top it off, there was a layer of oil that congealed if left untouched for a few seconds. It was missing that salty porky flavor that would have been developed have it had been slow cooking for hours before it was served. The shoyu was a little bit better but was lacking that kick that makes you feel warm and fuzzy. For the price we paid, I dont think it was woth $14 a bowl. Very disappointed and underwhelmed. We left our bowls nearly full. Will not be coming back here ever again.
This. Is. The. Best. Ramen. In. Charlotte. Awesome service. Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome dessert. EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!Please open a second location! Preferably in Davidson or Huntersville so I don&#39;t have to drive so far for ramen when I have a hankering.
The service was friendly, the food was okay, but the price was just too high for what you get. We had lunch on a Saturday at 2:00pm and they were out of tonkotsu and vegan ramen already. Maybe if we had a chance to taste those, we would have been blown away... Our group tried 2 appetizers, both types of buns, and 2 types of the available ramen left on the menu and we just weren&#39;t satisfied by the quality or quantity. The place definitely has a certain charm to it and I think they are going in the right direction, but I think the prices need to come down or the quantity go up to really feel satisfied by the experience. Would I discourage people from trying it? No.Will I go back? Probably not.
We had the miso ramen, Brussels sprouts, and rice cakes with tuna. Every thing came out quickly and was delicious ! I could eat this ramen every meal. I highly recommend going. My friends got the miso ramen which was also good. My only recommendation is to add sriracha to the bowl for some extra flavor.
Futo Buta is one of my favorite ramen joints in Charlotte. I love that I can swap broths (since I don&#39;t usually like the meat-based stock) and the service is always top-notch. I&#39;ve had the same waitress at least three times and she is amazing! She always remembers me and shares new specials or any changes to the menu in case I want to switch things up. I usually try to go at odd hours, not peak dinner or lunch times, because it does get very crowded and very loud.
Overall a decent ramen shop, but the broth for the Shoyu Ramen I ordered was quite salty. On the bright side, the rest of the ingredients were tasty, and they give you a lot of noodles for the price. Good service too.
It&#39;s hipster ramen. The playlist on a Sat. sounds like it was curated by a 35-year-old man - mostly all rock, including Dave Matthews Band.Food was ok. Noodles were al dente. I prefer softer noodles for stuffing ma face. Located by the train tracks.
Great atmosphere. I love how the walls and the decor were so modern and photogenic. The ramen was different. Wasn&#39;t as I expected but I still give them a five star because of the appetizers. Bomb!
The ramen noodles are to die for and it is family friendly and the service is very good. I would suggest the edamame to start because to me it&#39;s a delicious and light snack. For your main dish you should go for some ramen it&#39;s very filling and you can add however many topping you would like. If you are planning to go for dinner I would suggest getting there a little early because it gets packed very quickly.
This place is the real deal.  Food is exceptional.  Get ramen, that&#39;s what they do, haven&#39;t tried anything else, but I&#39;m sure it&#39;s on point. Must go to restaurant.
Not a big fan of pork belly but I did try the pork belly ramen and it was delicious. Wife had a vegan ramen and it was delicious too. Our server was very good, she was attentive and funny. and the seating outside was feel good factor about this restaurant.
When I first saw the excellent reviews for Futo Buta, I was a bit skeptical given the lack of ramen restaurants in Charlotte... but this place is the real deal! The quality here really is what you might expect from a ramen joint in California or New York.I&#39;ve tried the Tonkotsu, Miso, and Shoyu here and enjoyed every single of them. The broth tends to be on the richer side but it is most definitely flavorful so no complaints from me here. I&#39;ve also found the pork belly to be &#34;melt in your mouth&#34;-delicious and tend to order an extra onsen egg.Outside of the ramen (though one bowl of ramen alone will probably fill you up), the pork belly buns are also a solid option, just a tad pricey at $10 a serving. The fried brussel sprouts and gyoza are good appetizer options, which may come in handy as service can sometimes be a bit slow.The restaurant itself is small and often packed, so I wouldn&#39;t recommend coming here with a large group. However, the ambiance here is quite cool and the food is tasty, so I would say it&#39;s worth the wait!
4.5 stars. I have to say before writing my review..that fire and ice is da bomb. I docked half a star partly for the parking situation. We came in today after the soft opening this last Saturday. Futo Buta is located in the back of the South End Apartments literally right next to the light rail, boy...did we have a hard time figuring out where this place was..but it was worth it. We walked in around 5:40 since we saw all the great reviews for ramen (and we have been dying to find a good ramen place), there was no one there score! But the chef changed out the water for ramen which we were told would take a little more time than the norm, reverse score! We waited patiently for our Miso and Fire &amp; Ice ramen bowels which came out around 6:15.. we weren&#39;t very amused with the wait but the server made up for it with a free ginger peach ice cream, so no hard feelings. The only complaint I have about the miso ramen was that it needed a little more salt in the broth..the fire and ice ramen was PERFECT. It was the right amount of savory and who thought salmon could work in ramen bowels... they earned the award for most creative today! I finished everything...I wish I didn&#39;t leave my phone in the car....I wanted to take pictures.. great presentation. Suggestions for the Full Menu: need more chicken based ramen and a chicken bun..not everyone eats red meat. Needless to say we will be back! Finally found good ramen in the Charlotte (possible North Carolina) area, my 3 month search since I moved has finally come to an end. Keep it up Futo Buta!
I came here with a few of my friends and sister and we started off with some appetizers: shishito pepper, pork and scallop gyoza, chicken karaage, edamame with yuzu salt, pork belly buns (a must!) and rice crispy square (my favorite). All were excellent!As for ramen, I got the miso ramen which was a bit bland for my taste but the noodles were perfect! It was soft and chewy. My sister got the fire and ice ramen but the broth was too salty. This place is still new but I&#39;ll definitely be back again in a few months :)
Read the reviews before I ordered and no one mentioned their takeout experience so here I am! Ordered a ramen bowl and Gyoza for pick up. It was ready within 15 minutes which was enough time for me to walk there. My dishes were both still steaming hot when I get them home! I got the pork ramen bowl and was a little disappointed there were only two pieces of meat and one was VERY fatty, but the rest of the bowl made up for it! Super yummy fresh ingredients and your tongue can tell! The Gyoza (dumplings) were also extremely flavorful and delicious. I&#39;ll definitely be back soon!
This place is magical. The pork buns are out of this world and every ramen dish is perfect and great portions. Perfect amount of spice and the chefs and wait staff were as friendly as can be.
I&#39;m a ramen lover. So I&#39;ll search for it wherever I travel. First I have to say I&#39;m surprise to find this place in Charlotte. Location is good. Only 15 mins walking from the convention center. I ordered the Fire &amp; Ice. The surprise was definitely the salmon. It is half cook and still a bit cold over top of the hot ramen. I guess that&#39;s why they call it Fire &amp; Ice. It is my first time having salmon ramen and it is definitely a present surprise. Will definitely come back again to try other dishes in the future!
This place is seriously one of the best ramen places in Charlotte (which we there are not a lot of them). If you didnt know already, there are different types of ramen and they also vary in style depending on region. But one of my favorites is the Tonkatsu Ramen. I had this here and have seriously been craving it ever since. It might not be the most authentic ramen place but from my experience having a lot of authentic ramen in Japan or here, I would say it is pretty close. Good Japanese ramen is supposed to be a little salty and they do a good job on the broth. Very flavorful and rich. Chasu or pork belly has got some smokey flavor which my husband loved. It was a perfect mix of fat and meat so it was awesome.The noodles were also not too soft or hard. I wish they had Takoyaki balls as their appetizer. We love them! Price point was good.  Service is always understanding and attentive. This place is small and if you come at a time when there is a lot of people you would have wait a while for a table but I assure you that the wait would be worth it as after eating a bowl of their ramen you stomach will be satisfy. Food came out quite quick for us as we came at the perfect timing between rushes.I don&#39;t think I can say anything that hasn&#39;t already been said about this place. Seating is very limited, but it&#39;s certainly worth the wait.
3.5 stars - quality ambiance, portions, and pork belly. However, the ramen noodles themselves fall short as they were overcooked. This can probably be redeemed by requesting that the noodles be extra firm (I&#39;ll try that next time).Aside from ramen, Futo Buta offers a variety of beers, appetizers, and rolls as well. Although I haven&#39;t explored other parts of the menu yet, the customers around us seemed satisfied and I will definitely look into this in future visits.
The best ramen restaurant in town. I love the appetizers Brussels sprouts and pork buns as well, besides the tasty and creamy flavor of tonkotsu ramen. Shoyu is another good option if you prefer the soup to be less creamy.
We had dinner last night with some friends and I could not be happier with not only the food but the service and overall vibe! They are killing it!! I loved the ramen- the Brussels sprouts and the salmon ceviche. So delicious so fresh- can&#39;t wait to go back!
Only star deduction because of the &#34;waiting&#34; line set-up. Went there during lunch and it gets crowded. It feels especially crowded when you enter and there are people standing there waiting to be seated. Not much room to spread out. Either you felt you were going to almost sit at people waiting for take-out or diners at the counters. Back-up a bit more and you are at the kitchen. Customers waiting to be seated didn&#39;t know where to line up or put their names down for the wait. Perhaps they can have a &#34;hostess podium&#34; outside before you even enter the space. Would help with crowding at the entrance and not make it awkward when patrons are trying to get out of the restaurant.FOOD! ok, now to the important part. Had the rice crispy squares as appetizers. DEF. WOW! yes, i know how to make spicy tuna poke at home, but how do I get my rice to stay square and crisp without burning them dry? I highly recommend this as an appetizer. My coworker who I went with had the Tori Kara Age (crispy chicken) these were good too, I was expecting something like bonchon, but these were boneless pieces, with a sweet glaze and a spicy chili dip! very good too.We sat outside - it was a bit chilly, but nice in the sun and we planned on having ramen anyways and it would keep us warm. We both had the Tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious. Arranged nicely, served not too hot you burn yourself. Noodles tasted freshly made and the pork belly was done right. I wasn&#39;t able to finish my soup because of the appetizer. Being new to Charlotte, this will def. be my go to ramen place as it&#39;s just down the block from my office!Because it was a bit chilly, I didn&#39;t get to try their deserts. Next time for sure! I want that soft serve.Staff was friendly and quick. Just a little confused on how to seat the incoming lunch crowd. Would be nice if they communicated &#34;pick-ups here, people waiting to be seated here, people to put name on list here&#34; again as noted in my intro, if people can be caught before entering the small indoor waiting area, by having a podium outside. Perfect crowd control solution!
I&#39;ve heard that this was the best ramen shop so decided to give a try today. I ordered the pork dumplings and it was pretty good. I had the fire and ice ramen. It was okay, but not as good as I expected it to be. The broth was very gamy and salty as well. My boyfriend order the miso ramen and his was saltier than mine. Not going to lie, was pretty disappointed. But glad I got to try it out.
I&#39;d give this place 2.5 stars if I could. I really wanted it to be good but it&#39;s way overhyped and average. Was it bad? No, the food was edible, but I can also make edible food and I&#39;m not the that good of a cook. It just wasn&#39;t good enough to where I&#39;d come back again.I paid $14 for a bowl of tonkotsu ramen that was average tasting at best and it didn&#39;t even really fill me up, but aesthetically it looked good. I&#39;m not sure why other reviews said the broth is packed with flavor, but the broth I had was pretty bland (I&#39;ve had packaged ramen that had more taste to it, granted it&#39;s probably filled with MSG). The ramen had like 2-3 thin slices of pork belly in it plus one egg. It&#39;s not worth the $14, you&#39;re paying to eat at a nice location basically. Way overpriced if you ask me.The ambiance/décor was nice and the staff was very friendly and knowledgable, and that&#39;s really the only way they earned a 2.5 stars from me.
I don&#39;t think this place is worth the praise that previous yelpers have said. The homemade ramen isn&#39;t anything amazing. Although you may think that smoking the porkbelly prior to putting it in the ramen sounds good, but their execution ended up in drying out the meat. In addition the smoked porkbelly doesn&#39;t compliment the Asian flavor of the ramen. Perhaps there&#39;s not a big population of Asians in Charlotte to really critique the food..
Love this high classy fancy ramen. I get the one with the pork belly and add chorizo. So yummy and filling. I also try whatever ice cream flavor they have their that day.
I really like the atmosphere here. Staff are super friendly aside from them losing my appetizer ticket. I would recommend the hamachi crudo and Fire and ice ramen. Delicious!
Try their crispy rice squares! I promise you will not be disappointed! Their ramen is a staple for me in the winter when I just want something warm. The wait can be a bit long at times due to the small space. The utilize &#34;communal&#34; table in the center of the restaurant to accommodate more people quicker. I personally do not care for this but they do have true tables and an outdoor patio as well. When they have their Shishito peppers in stock, I&#39;d definitely recommend trying them out! Follow me at: jodieats_ Photo credit: Tarra Dahlke
Not exactly the most authentic Japanese ramen, but maybe I&#39;m just spoiled. Great atmosphere and service though!
Went there last night and oh boy they have redeemed themselves. All thanks to Tyler, our wonderful server., I brought a friend there whose is also a chef. He went when Futo was first open. Of course I&#39;m sure at that time, they&#39;re trying to work out their kinks.. so he decided to give Futo a 2nd chance and I&#39;m glad he did. Step into a place which jammed pack and cozy. We promptly seated. Tyler introduced himself pleasantly.. I mentioned that my friend came here when it was first open and he wasn&#39;t impressed. I on the other hand will just order the same old thing like i usually do which is the Miso Hungry (habit for me). Tyler asked my friend if he&#39;s willing to trust him., and if he like heat in his ramen. The response. Yea with the heat but it has to be flavorful heat. Not just heat thrown in there! Understandable. His ramen was even listed. Perfect. Ramen has a chicken dashi broth, spiced ground pork, duck confit and pickled daikon. And he loves it. Tyler made him a fan now. And I&#39;m truly impressed. We will now come back and he will alway ask him for something off the menu from now on!
I love the food over here! Very delicious ! And I am pretty happy about the food design, looks really classic. Spend my fabulous birthday here:)
If you&#39;re looking for your ramen fix, this is the place. They have amazing vegan ramen dishes. The restaurant is a bit small, and most likely you have a wait to sit down, but you it&#39;s worth it!
My colleagues and I ate here for lunches many times...their ramens are just ok over all...since CLT doesn&#39;t offer much of Ramen places.Their broth is not quite there for me...it&#39;s still amateur kind of ramens.  (It&#39;s great if you are drunk after the club kind of ramen)Why can we have a real ramen shop for the QC...the demand is there but we are not on anyone radar!!!
After trying their food three times they have grown on me. Futo Buta has the best Ramen in Charlotte; it is full of exploding flavors and they give you a good portion. I still wish the Rice Crispy Squares were cut slightly thinner but otherwise this place is excellent and I crave it frequently.
I&#39;ve been here a few times. There is always a wait and parking is not great (normal in south end area). The dish I kept going back to is the rice-cracker appetizer, very tasty! I have also enjoyed their house-made soft serves. I have had a few ramen from their menu, and they were just soso. The first time I went the noodles were way too soft. The second and third time, the broth was very salty. They were not horrible, just not that great.
Do not ever go here without trying the Rice Krispie app. Sticky rice squares friend golden (but soft on the inside) and topped with spicy tuna and a seasoned soy sauce. The seasonal cold noodle dish with spicy ground pork and pork belly was also amazing. Awesome decor and great ourside seating. Definitely a must stop while in Charlotte.
If you want to have ramen in Charlotte, I think this is  a good spot to go. The Miso ramen and Tonkustu ramen are worth tasting. I really like the broth and pork belly in the ramen and furnishing style of the restaurant. The only deficiency might me the noodle because I think it&#39;s a little bit hard not soft enough.
This place blew me away. Super modern, amazing ambiance, and definitely the kind of place you want to go back to. I went on a Saturday night around 7pm with a friend, and everything from the wait staff to the atmosphere to the ramen was fantastic. The pork belly used in both my shoyu ramen and my companion&#39;s tonkatsu bowl was smoked with pecan involved somehow and holy mother of god it was so good. Seriously. Get the pork if your dietary habits allow it.Slight tangent for people after lemonade in the Yelp search bar- their strawberry lemonade is killer. I&#39;ve never had anything like it. It came out of a metal brewer-type dispenser like those used for tea, which makes me think they really do make it by batch with real fruit. (Don&#39;t quote me on that or anything because I didn&#39;t think to ask, just know that it was definitely one of a kind.) They had a pretty extensive sake list, as well, from what I saw.My only surprise (and I wouldn&#39;t even consider this a complaint, just an unexpected twist) was that the space in Futo Buta really is a premium, seemingly modeled after traditional ramen houses. It got a little crowded once the football crowd came around, but I figure my surprise was just my Southern upbringing where people anticipate miles between each table, haha. Overall awesome experience.
Arrived in Charlotte and knew I wanted to check Futo Buta out. Sadly, with a busy schedule it took 3 days before I could actually get here with numerous attempts on trying to trek out on previous days. Top it off with the weird parking situation which confused us out of towners and a little hike to get to the restaurant made for a very distraught traveler. So you have to be something to literally turn a frown upside down.We came in, no one really gave us any info on what to do, no signs off the bat to say seat yourself (not that we saw immediately??). A group came in after us and promptly seated themselves so we followed along. And that&#39;s were grumpy town ended. From the waitstaff to the food to the impromptu double rainbow outside. I mean, it was a great way to end a very stressful work weekend.What we got:Eggplant buns - Good. Not my favorite of the things we ordered but being a veggie bun I cannot complain! A bit greasy.Duck confit buns - Yes, yes, yes! Would order this again and definitely recommend. Greasy as well-- but so good.Tonkotsu - I think it was good? I didn&#39;t order this, and the friend who did didn&#39;t complain/said it was nice. Looked like a good traditional ramen.Niwa - This was interesting. Probably the prettiest of the three we ordered. Lots of veg, a peanut-y and savory broth. Might consider this for myself if I ever come here again.Fire and Ice - Can&#39;t go wrong. Bit of dashi and a sweet gochujang coupling. Pretty presentation. I imagine this wouldn&#39;t be as preferred for ramen lovers who prefer their ramen on the salty side. Underneath the fresh veg was a treasure--- delicious glazed salmon on a bed of nice noodles. Would be a tough contender for round 2!Waitress was super nice to us and I appreciate the energy. Plus we all kinda ran out (some of the staff included) of the restaurant right after we ordered to gawk at a double rainbow. Was a really awesome experience.If you need your spice they have several options available too!Parking-- There is street parking a little ways down from the restaurant and supposedly a parking deck. We couldn&#39;t find the deck for it until after we left. Either way we had to do a little bit of walking. Really nice area though. If you&#39;re from Atlanta-- it&#39;s a lot like our Beltline but add a train and more trees.Atmosphere-- The restaurant is a little cramped. We were lucky to find seating, but they also have a patio. Very cool aesthetic overall.Anyways, thanks for the awesome end to my trip Futo Buta!
Idk why everyone is hyping up this place but it might just be ramen for white people. It&#39;s not worth it at all. Had it once and never will ever try it again. It&#39;s the same mediocre ramen and you could definitely get a better instant ramen than this place. The broth is tasteless and it&#39;s just overall not good. Came here a while ago and met up with my cousins who all ordered ramen. They did not like it at all and could barely eat it. The prices they charge are definitely not worth it either. My friend also came here recently and was so upset with this place and I wasn&#39;t even surprised. He enjoys food and cooks a lot so he knows when something not good. My aunt also tried this place out but was also left disappointed saying how watery the broth is. It&#39;s a small restaurant and the food is not worth it I&#39;m telling you. It&#39;s just trendy and the people giving this place good reviews probably haven&#39;t had real good ramen. So unless you aren&#39;t use to asian cuisine and enjoy a more Americanized version try this place but if you want something better just get some instant ramen lmao.
Best ramen in town... actually the only ramen place in town (Sigh). I usually order the miso hungry ramen or tonkatsu. The flavors are there but wish they use regular egg noodles rather than red wheat noodles. I&#39;m not used to the texture of red wheat noodles, although I do appreciate that it&#39;s locally sourced.I also ordered the pork belly buns- it was good but very small portion for $9. My only gripe about this place is it&#39;s pretty expensive. I can find amazing quality ramen places in LA or NYC for similar prices or lower. The place itself is modern, plays great R&amp;B/hip hop music in the background. The servers can be forgetful at times but nonetheless friendly.
Love the beef tartare they have! It was amazing! Only wish it was a larger portion! Their ramen is always spot on. Just wish we lived closer!
I been here a few times with friends there ramen is good but not the best. I had their tonkasu tamer and fire and ice ramen, also had a cold noodles dish called hiyahi it was seasonal I have to say it was very disappointing since it half filled with vinegar and soy sauce it was not  good at one. It was not worth it. Overall it was okay.
This place was not an easy find. Parked on the street which was a convenient walk.Ordered the miso (hungry) ramen and enjoyed the fresh cut corn. The pork belly was good and broth was flavorful. Last but not least got the avocado soft serve ice cream...which was excellent!
I have to say that the establishment is nice looking inside and out. What I ate there was not what I was expecting. I read rave reviews from Yelp and had someone recommend it to me, but I was kind of disappointed. First things first before I say anything about the food: I am not a picky eater. I enjoy most of the things I eat. I am also not an expert on food, but I do know what I like and do not like.From my (and my boyfriend&#39;s) experience:My boyfriend had the Tonkatsu Ramen and I had a special ramen that&#39;s off their menu called the Buddha Bowl. Both were very oily, which was probably from the pork (which there was a lot of fat on), and possibly the soup. Not completely sure on the soup part though. I have eaten a lot of ramen and hand made noodles in my life, and I have to say I did not enjoy the noodles a lot. The texture was kind of off (which is weird for me to point out, because like I said I&#39;m not a picky eater and I love all sorts of noodle dishes). The flavor of the soup from both bowls weren&#39;t fantastic as well for me/us. For me, the soup was on the salty side. Besides the ramen we ordered the Strawberry and Basil ice cream. At first I did not like the taste at all. It was different, but as I kept eating it I grew to like the taste and ended up eating all of it. I did not finish the ramen. I gave this restaurant a rating of two stars because:1. The place is cool looking from the inside out. Some may say it&#39;s kind of &#34;hipster&#34; looking. 2. The restaurant was a little hard to find, but eventually we found it. 3. The food did not taste good to me (besides the ice cream). Maybe the day I went the cooking was just a bit off, but I do not know unless I go again. I do not know if I&#39;ll come here again. First experience was not fantastic, and it&#39;s a drive from where I live. If I ever have the urge to come back I will definitely try another dish and see where it takes me.
Finally!  I got a chance to visit a ramen house in the U.S.!  It&#39;s very similar to those in Japan but with better seating. I had the Shishito peppers as an appetizer which were very tasty. Then a pork belly roll (mini sandwich), also great. Finally the Totonku ramen which had the 20 hour cooked broth. It was meaty, fatty, and delicious. Perfectly cooked egg, not hard, but right at the point before hardening. Sure it&#39;s not health food but hey, good food like this in moderation is OK. Life is nothing without its little pleasures. I&#39;m very happy with my new little pleasure.
Ramen is meh, but the apps (fried chicken, spicy tuna rice squares, and whatever is on the board) are solid.
Recommended by a work colleague, attended together. A little tricky to find by street address alone but located right on train track across and down from Taco, near parking garage and across from the media school. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed, with a wait. It is a small place (hope you like cozy) with a combination of long tall table seating, short shelf against the wall, bar and traditional sit down. I can only imagine the wait on the weekends. We started off with some small plates, hands down the KUROBUTA PORK AND GOLDEN SCALLOP GYOZA did not linger long. Could have easily put another plate away, def recommend. The TORI KARA AGE (JAPANESE FRIED CHICKEN) I thought was OK. I would pass next time, but then again not a big fried fan. The LOW COUNTRY SMOKED PORK BELLY bun was again decent. We also tried one of the featured sushi rolls and some salmon tartare, both were decent. The FIRE N ICE Ramen - kimchi broth, hot smoked salmon, fresh mint, cabbage, shaved carrot, radish, black sesame, was every bit of wonderful and I do recommend. We ended the meal with some flavored soft serve they feature, which was a very appropriate ending after all the spices and flavors we encountered. The bar features sake, wine, and beer. Spices offered on the side to use at your own discretion include soy sauce, sesame oil, and Sriracha sauce. The crowd mostly was comprised of young professionals.
I came by myself during lunch so it should have been a quick visit, but service was not great. It took a while to get anyone&#39;s attention to ask about seating and then I was placed in the corner of the bar, looking at the wall. I ordered the duck buns and the miso ramen. The buns came first and then I waited a while for the ramen, and again to get the check. The food was good, but not great. I&#39;d keep searching for ramen elsewhere. Food details: The buns were good - they tasted homemade since the texture wasn&#39;t as fine and smooth as the premade kind. The duck on them was tender and flavorful. As for the ramen, the miso broth was a bit modern in take and heavy on the pork flavor rather than a mix of chicken and pork. The broth was okay but the noodles really reminded me of top ramen since they were a bit too soft and the broth was on the fattier side from the pork. I didn&#39;t like the broth or the noodles so much but the toppings were very good. The chashu pork was fatty but done well so that the fat just melted in my mouth; corn was crip and sweet; and the egg was a great soft-medium boil.
After searching for a true ramen spot, Charlotte has answered my requests! I walked in this spot and I was instantly greeted. I sat at the bar and chatted with the guy working at the bar. He was great. Giving me great suggestions and I think he really enjoys working here.  The atmosphere was perfect with great decor and I felt like this set up is what you would see in Japan. This restaurant is very trendy and fits the neighborhood it&#39;s located in. The chef Has clearly done his research on how the true ramen experience should be.   I ordered the tonkatsu ramen. The flavor was robust and you can tell that the broth was being cooked all day. The pieces of belly fat melted in your mouth. The homemade noodles grabbed the flavor of the broth. (Yes true tonkatsu broth is a bit oily because of the ingredients they use to make the broth). You will not find many Ramen places that makes their own noodles. This is definitely a treat! I would highly recommend this place based on the staff and the quality of food.
Very nice relaxing, outdoor atmosphere,  next to the railroad,  not too much noise though. Hubby and I sat outside, we enjoy our meal. I had the duck something&#39;s and hubby had the pork belly noodle bowl. It was delicious. And price very reasonable. Highly recommended.
The ramen is good not great but then again I&#39;ve had toto ramen. Being one of the only places to get ramen in Charlotte it&#39;s easy to rate it well. The apps outshine the ramen in my opinion. First time I went it was the best. Then the next couple of times I ordered the same thing (fire and ice) and ingredients were missing. Like the mint. Which is the reason for the ice part of the name. Ive stopped ordering fire and ice since then. The ice cream is probably the star of this restaurant.
Had the miso ramen with pork and it was honestly one of the best ramen I&#39;ve had in a while. I don&#39;t normally like pork in my ramen but I decided to chance it this one time and absolutely did not regret it. The pork was perfectly marinated and just melted in my mouth. The noodles were perfectly cooked. The broth wasn&#39;t the best miso broth I&#39;ve tried but it was still very tasty.  I would love to go back and try the other ramen on the menu. The restaurant itself was a bit small and there was a wait but the wait wasn&#39;t too bad considering it was peak dinner time.
This place has a rustic feel to it. Just a heads up, they do not seat until the entire party is present because there is limited seating inside. I ordered the brussel sprouts and the miso ramen. The brussel sprouts were delicious and quite large. If you want, you can request extra spices and sauces to put on your brussel sprouts. The spicy sesame oil was my favorite! The miso ramen was okay. The noodles did not have the mouthfeel or look like authentic ramen noodles, but instead tasted more like noodles from a maruchan cup ramen. The broth also didn&#39;t have a lot of depth of flavor. I did like that they gave you a lot of food, so it felt like I got my money&#39;s worth here.
4.5 StarsFuto Buta is a ramen shop that opened up in May 2015 in the South End area of Charlotte, NC.  According to their website, the chef, Michael Shortino, was introduced to the kitchen since the age of 5 with his father (who was also a chef).  His grandfather and father taught him the importance of integrity of each dish and over his culinary career, he fell in love with the high level of integrity in Japanese cuisine.  Shortino&#39;s focus for Futo Buta is on scratch-like authentic ramen, gyoza (fried dumplings), Japanese fried chicken (tori kara-v age), amami (soft serve in innovative flavor combinations), and more.I tried the following:- Kurobuta Pork &amp; Scallop Gyoza - loved it!  Definitely made FRESH!- Salmon Belly Nigiri - pecan wood smoked, yuzu mayo, tobiko, maple soy, micro chive - also loved it!  The Salmon Belly was super FRESH!!- Tonkotsu Ramen - pork bone broth, pecan smoked pork belly, scallion, organic mushroom, onsen egg, pickled ginger, nori, sesame, black garlic - MUST GET!  I loved the pork bone broth flavor with the black garlic.  YUM!!For dessert, it was a green tea ice cream with honey.  YUM!!  ENJOY!!
Traditional Japanese ramen is very rare in this parts, so was elated when this place opened. The broth for the Tonkatsu is definitely perfection while the slices of pork was definitely a southern style BBQ. Those of you that are into char siu bao, must try the appetizer, as this puppy is a flat bun topped with the pork and an amazing coleslaw.If you&#39;re an introvert and don&#39;t like crowds, get there before 5:30 before the dinner crowd comes in or enjoy the loud music and sports. I&#39;d consider this a staple for amazing food in Charlotte. Do it.
In from out of town and have this place a try. Was able to immediately sit at the bar. Service was fine. Tori Kara Age (Japanese Fried Chicken) - 5/5. Absolutely delicious. Super crispy, moist and flavorful. Squeeze the lime in top. The sauce that it comes with is delicious, but a little spicy. It&#39;s not necessary, but brings the chicken to another level. Tonkatsu Ramen - 3/5. I wanted to like it. It was fine though. The noodles were good-great thickness and chewy. Egg was perfectly cooked. The char sui was a little different, where it&#39;s seared. The broth, which is the foundation for any ramen, was lacking. It was one note and didn&#39;t have really any flavor. I added the hot sauce and it still do anything for me. If the broth was better then the stars would be higher. Tonkatsu Ramen is all about deep, milky, flavorful broth.
So while we were quoted a 30 minute wait and it ended up being a little over an hour wait, it was still totally worth it. The space is small and always super busy from what I hear. We were seated at the bar and promptly ordered from an attentive server behind the counter. We started with the Toro nigiri, and I can still savor the taste after two days. Super fresh, didn&#39;t even need more than a drop of soy sauce. I tried the tonkatsu ramen, and the flavor is all there. So much umami! Bowl contained two slices of pork belly, egg, mushrooms, nori, and some black fungus. Ramen was bouncy, and broth was rich. Finished off with the green tea ice cream drizzled in honey. Really enjoyed the taste of green tea, but the ice cream itself had a little icy consistency for a soft serve. The honey really complemented the tea flavor though, so I&#39;d get the dessert again any day, especially at the end of such a savory meal.
Tried out their pork belly ramen with spicy pork sauce. A nice experience.
Waiting is ridiculous. They forgot about us. Although I was upset then because we waited for very long and didn&#39;t have lunch until 1 or 2, I understand why because it was lunch time. But forgetting about us really got me because i was very hangry. Though somebody did come out and apologized. Food is great on the flip side. The pork belly bun is a MUST TRY. Ramen is good, broth is rich. The waiter who served us was extremely nice and helpfull.
I&#39;ve been here a couple of times since they&#39;ve opened. It&#39;s not the best ramen I&#39;ve had but it&#39;s not the worse either. This place is a bit hard to find for the first time since they aren&#39;t located off the street where you can see like crispy crepe. Instead it&#39;s right beside the light rail. I got the seasonal ramen this time called Hiyashi and I would not recommend it at all. Instead of broth it&#39;s ramen noodle tossed in a vinegar ginger soy dressing which would be fine but the noodles were drench in the dressing so much that almost half of my bowl was filled up with the vinegar. Stick to the regular ramen with soup. I also got their swirl soft serve which was half matcha and half blueberry. It was really good epically the honey drizzle on top of the matcha side. The blueberry side was more tart than sweet.
Here in Charlotte for a work training and wanted to try something new. The food was amazing. Coming from Miami I wasn&#39;t sure what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality and creativity of the food.Our server Janielle was the cherry on top. Knowledgeable, attentive, and very on top of everything. A wonderful experience
Environment: love the look and feel of this place. However, it is small as other reviews have highlighted, so seating is limited. There was a blown speaker playing loud music towards the back of the room. It was distracting, so I&#39;m giving four stars. Food: I got the fire and ice bowl and was amazed that my salmon was prepared medium rare! I was nervous ordering it at first, for fear of having to force over cooked salmon down my gullet. I was pleasantly surprised. Delicious. Fresh. But if you&#39;re wanting something spicy, either add it yourself or order something else entirely. The pork bun was not undercooked. In fact, it was fluffy and very supporting of the pork belly, delicately nestled between hoisin sauce and sliced greens. Yum. Crispy rice was good. Just be careful. That soy sauce they bring to the table with wasabi already in it can take you by surprise. Spicy but good! Waitstaff: Our waitress was attentive and friendly. When our friend wanted a bit more kick to his bowl of noodles, she brought out three different kinds of spicy condiments for him. Having just moved here from Pittsburg, I would say she&#39;s doing one Hell of a job!
Nothing compared to the ramen we have at home in Sacramento but compared to other places that I have tried this one has been the best one yet. We sat outside on a nice sunny day. We wanted something good to eat before we got out our flight home so we yelped and found this place. My mom really enjoyed hers and I enjoyed hers more than mine as well, she got the fire &amp; ice and I got the tonkatsu. The best thing we had there was probably the fried Brussels sprouts. It was simple but so tasty. I would go back there just for that. We wanted to try the ice cream because it looked amazing but the portions of the ramen were big. Our waitress, Stephanie, she was very nice and attentive as well.
Pecan smoked pork belly in ramen is hands down must eat! Deep fried Brussels sprouts were delish. So full after ordering way too much. Want to try their soft serve dessert next time. Good selection of sake.
This place is to small for a large crowd. The food is okay. The bowls are not to big but it is over priced for the amount you get. They do have good specials but I don&#39;t reccomended this place as the best Ramen in charlotte. There&#39;s better, believe me! But it is somewhere you should experience at least once. As far as the pork belly buns, they are okay not to much flavor. It only comes with 2 for the price of a whole bowl of ramen. So still not the best.
Ordered the pork bun and tonkotsu ramen. The bun was deelicious and I would come back here just to eat that again. The tonkotsu was good. The broth left me wanting something more, but the noodles were good and the pork slices even better. I hear the miso ramen is excellent so I will be back to try that. The atmosphere was very warm, lots of wood paneling, and mostly bar/shared seating with a couple standalone tables. Really glad to see a great ramen spot open up in Charlotte!
Love love love this place. Went for lunch with a colleague and service was quick and the food delicious. Portions are really large too and love that it&#39;s right off the light rail.
I have been to Futo Buta twice now and every time sadly I have enjoyed almost everything else and been a bit disappointed with my ramen. Is that so bad? Not really unless you are a ramen joint, which this happens to be. womp womp womp insert sad face.The decor is really nice here. Lots of wood tones with huge anime influence (go to the bathroom if you don&#39;t think so). Service is very nice and peppy as well and very receptive to any requests or problems you might have as well! They were super nice when I brought my baby corgi along and set out a bowl of water for him to promptly knock over.The first time here I started with shishito peppers which were great with their soy/sesame glaze and the random hot one really caught me. A very enjoyable dish. The fried brussels sprouts are very similar in the taste department though extra umami is imparted through the bonito flakes sprinkled on top. The three ramen entrees I&#39;ve tried here are the Niwa, Miso, and Tonkotsu. The noodles are nice but they always taste more like soba to me than ramen? Are they buckwheat noodles? Who knows, the broth for the tonkotsu on my first time was super fatty. In fact there was at least a centimeter of grease on top of it. Luckily our server noticed my displeasure and traded out for the Miso which was much more tolerable. The second time I just went straight for the mild Niwa (vegan) ramen. Unfortunately this is lacking a bit of flavor and salt compared to the other two. I am not saying this while biased against veggies as I grew up with a vegan mom.I think next time I&#39;ll eat the small plates and skip the ramen. The convenience is very handy for this place&#39;s location if you take the light rail and if you take the car then there is actually some handy parking in the nearby parking garage.
The sign of a good bowl of ramen is an empty bowl of ramen. My miso ramen bowl tonight .... was half empty. Thank goodness for the pork belly steam buns. The broth was too salty and the ramen undercooked. Ambiance was lovely and I eyed some great sake so I&#39;ll be back for another try. Desperately seeking good Asian food in the city.
Not sure why this place is rated so high. I wasn&#39;t impressed by the food. Tonkastu ramen broth was super greasy, bad flavor, and not hot enough. The bun was not fresh and fulffy. The table is tiny, so you need to move your food all over the place while eating.  but giving the Pork bun filling is very delicious, I would give this place another try later. Perhaps, I can try ramen in another flavor and ask for extra hot broth.Love their bowls and dishes tho,  very nice quality.
Really awesome gem in the South End, Futo Buta brings a bit of Japanese swagger to the neighborhood with awesome Ramen dishes that will sooth your voracious appetites.Man this place gets packed! There&#39;s not that much room on the inside, or outside and this is a really popular place. When I arrived on a Friday evening, there was a 45 minute wait. I heard good things about this place and was willing to wait for it. The waitstaff easily took down my phone number and as I went to walk around, received a simple text to return back. Everything looked and smelled extremely fresh. The waitress was very informative and helped us decide which was her favorite option of all the Ramen combinations.One thing that I was a bit skeptical was how &#34;wordy&#34; Futo Buta got with describing their dishes. Like I don&#39;t expect this place to have Wagyu beef..Regardless, I had a great experience and had a great meal. Our group also split a bottle of Sake which was equally as refreshing. Kanpai!
Vegetarian/Vegan options are amazing and full of flavor! Delicious! Couldn&#39;t stop ordering food LOL just to have more leftovers hahaha
We started with the Tonkotsu noodle and fried chicken. And also some special sushi they had. Ramen broth was too salty and no other depth in flavor. And the fried chicken are like nuggets that were not at all special; sauce left a lot to be desired. The sushi was overpriced, like everything else, and had way too much going on. Couldn&#39;t taste the fish as they had so many other seasonings and flavors overpowering the fish - but then again that may not have been so bad, given the other flavors w the broth and fried chicken. I wasn&#39;t expecting NYC-esque  noodle house, but close since it stated they make their noodles in-house. Service was also slow. And it wasn&#39;t even crowded. We went on a late Sunday afternoon. Overpriced and salty is what I chalk this up to.
The food here was so good and the service was amazing! I grabbed a seat at the bar and struck up a nice conversation with the bartender/server. I ordered the fried Brussel sprouts and the Japanese fried chicken- both were amazing! The fried Brussel sprouts in particular were delicious, so crispy with a light, tangy flavor to it, it was awesome. The fried chicken was good too, super crispy with a good dipping sauce (I saw someone else eating it, so I ordered it, and then someone asked me what I was eating, so it must be a trend!). The ramen was really good too, I liked that the broth wasn&#39;t too salty, and the noodles were the good, wavy noodles. The pecan smoked pork belly was delicious! They&#39;re a very professionally run restaurant- I ate my appetizers first, and it was nice not to have my ramen come out while I was eating my first course.Their mango yuzu soft serve was delicious- refreshing, creamy and cool. It wasn&#39;t overly sweet or fake-fruit tasting but was a subtle, bright flavor mixed in. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
I am always in search of the best food anywhere I go. Being Asian myself, I am super critical of Asian food because it should taste authentic and not overrated. I have been to a lot of ramen shops and unfortunately, I am always a big disappointed. Futo Buta exceeded my expectations. For the first time ever, i received my ramen piping hot with an abundance of fresh ingredients. The broth was full of flavor and richness without being too oily and the noodles were the perfect texture. Amazing. Just be ready to wait a bit for a spot though because they get pretty busy!
I&#39;ve come back a few times a few months later. Much improved and now I&#39;m hooked. Love their Fire &amp; Ice. Lots of flavor and very filling. Go with extra broth and add an onsen egg :) Try to go early to beat the lunch and dinner rush. You usually get seated immediately if you do so or you&#39;ll wait a good 15+ mins. Seating is tight, still no hooks to hang coat or bag. Music genre is random and loud at times.Old review when they first opened:3 stars...for now. UGH. I know. I will be back... they need to work on some kinks, hopefully before their grand opening. It also doesn&#39;t help that I was already mentally comparing Futo Buta to Ippudo NYC and Momofuku. Just reading the menu reminded me of Ippudo&#39;s items. Upon entering, the place is cozy, small. I can only imagine the wait once they start picking up. Love the decor which reminded me of Momofuku&#39;s and a little bit of Toki Underground and Daikaya in D.C.. They could use some hooks underneath the bar and community table for purses, bags and jackets. I ended up pulling my purse handle up my leg to secure it. Staff is really friendly. While waiting for our food I noticed a few customers take their left over ramen to-go. WHAT?! Who does that??? Immediately my husband said, ratio is off, too much noodles, not enough broth. Once we got our ramen, I realized that was that was very true. I ordered the Niwa (vegan) and hubster ordered the Fire &amp; Ice (salmon). For appetizers we ordered Shishito pepper and the Eggplant Buns. Here we go:* Shishito Peppers - Best thing we ordered from the menu. We enjoyed every Bite of it. Flavorful, made us want more.* Eggplant Buns - Fail. TWICE. First time, the buns came very chewy and undercooked. Second go, same but just barely undercooked. Eggplant itself was tasty.* Niwa - Could use a little more flavor. Noodle texture was perfect. You can tell they were homemade and fresh. Too much noodle, not enough broth. Plenty of veggies in there.* Fire &amp; Ice - Salmon is smoked which gave it that earthy flavor but it was too salty and maybe a little too smoky as well. Cooked perfectly. Too much noodle, not enough broth. Fresh noodles. Overall, it was fine, underwhelming. As I mentioned earlier, a few kinks and fine tuning and this place will be great. Can&#39;t wait to come back.
Futo Buta doesn&#39;t take reservations, so expect a short wait if you have a larger party in the evenings (even on the weekdays, it seems).  My colleagues and I (group of 5) waited around 15 minutes for a table on a Wednesday evening and eventually decided to squish into a 4-person table rather than have to sit at the bar... awkward for conversation.  If you&#39;re lost, Futo Buta is located on the corner on the light rail side, making it easily accessible off the Bland light rail stop.Atmosphere is similar to an izakaya, if you&#39;ve ever been to one.  Very casual and semi-loud. For a ramen joint in Charlotte, I wasn&#39;t expecting much.  Reigning from NYC, I&#39;ve had my share of decent ramen.  I was surprised that the ramen at Futo Buta is actually not bad at all - I prefer my places in NYC, but this will do while I&#39;m traveling.I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and added the chili to make it spicy (extra $1) - spicy it was.  I order the same thing at every ramen place, thus being able to make somewhat of a comparison among the different ramens I&#39;ve had.  They serve the curly kind of ramen noodles here, versus the thinner kind, which I prefer.  Regardless, the pork bone broth was flavorful and the spicy sauce added a huge kick - warning for those that might not like that high of a spice level.  I was really impressed with the pork (char siu) here - it was just the right amount of fat-to-meat ratio and was marinated really well in a semi-sweet sauce and charred to perfect.  Probably some of the best meat I&#39;ve had in ramen, actually!  The ramen here also comes with a poached egg.  At $14, the amount of food you get is reasonable.In addition to the ramen, I also ordered the uni (sea urchin) nigiri (2 pieces, $7).  The uni was decently fresh (I haven&#39;t gotten sick) and I actually enjoyed this as an appetizer.  The salted radish was crunchy and refreshing.  I think this was supposed to come with some watermelon of some sort, but I don&#39;t recall seeing it.Service is decent.Worth a shot if you&#39;re in the area.  I don&#39;t know if there&#39;s any other comparable restaurants that serve ramen nearby.
This ramen place is conveniently located right off of the Bland St. light rail station. The music was really loud inside the restaurant so my coworker and I decided to sit outside, which is a nice patio area.Since this place is called Futo Buta (&#34;Fat Pig&#34;), I thought I should try something with pork belly. We ended up ordering the tofu skewers to start and I had the miso ramen as my main dish. The presentation of the meal is good, and makes it look pretty authentic. I like the fact that they make their noodles here but wish that the noodles are a little more chewy. The broth was OK, like many other yelpers mentioned, the soup isn&#39;t very salty, which I don&#39;t mind so much, but it&#39;s not very super flavorful overall and is definitely on the greasy side. The pork belly was good and looked appetizing, but also not as flavorful as chashu pork should be (it didn&#39;t feel like the pork absorbed the flavors). I did enjoy the corn they added in the ramen, which was very sweet.I think it&#39;s unique that they do soft serve here (although a bit pricey, $5 for an order), but super awesome when it&#39;s a hot sunny day. We ended up ordering each a soft serve and tried both the strawberry banana and yuzu mango flavors they had that day. I preferred the yuzu mango flavor because the yuzu gives it a nice uplifting citrus taste to the mango&#39;s tropical flavors. We had a very filling meal and the total came out be about ~$25  per person.
It&#39;s average. I think I&#39;m spoiled because of my Asian culture and Chicago cuisine. I sat at the bar and watched back of the house prepare my ramen with no gloves on. Also found a eyelash/eyebrow hair in the slaw of my pork belly buns. We told one of the servers and she inspected for. The server told the back of the house and the cook also inspected for it.
This is my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. Great, fresh appetizers, amazing Ramen, and the friendliest staff in town. They are fantastic, and all the servers are super nice and great with my kids! Great, non-pretentious atmosphere, terrific food, always great music on. What&#39;s not to love???
This ramen place is great go-to in Charlotte! I had the crispy rice squares (which were great with the tuna) and the spicy ramen bowl. It was great to share with one other person! I also ordered the green tea ice cream with honey and it was the perfect way to end the meal.
This place was not on my radar until a friend suggested dinner. Although it&#39;s a small space and the wait was long, it was worth it. Thankful that most of the people in my party got the brussel sprouts appetizer to share, because they were delicious. Cooked perfectly and seasoned well. I ordered the Fire &amp; Ice ramen...will definitely get it again, bit I won&#39;t wear a white shirt!  The bowl was filling and its contents disappeared quickly...highly recommend!
Futo Buta, while sporting a hip and trendy facade, is a major let down in terms of food. They&#39;re just like every other cookie cutter restaurant trying to make traditional Asian cuisines be &#34;cool&#34; or &#34;unique&#34; but falling painfully short.My party came late Sunday night only to find the restaurant packed with people. While not exactly counting as points against them, we ended up waiting 45 minutes for a table. Plus, with close to freezing temperatures and a crowded inside, we had to wait outside with no working heaters.When we were finally seated we were quickly greeted by our friendly server and given water. After waiting for so long, we already knew what we wanted: the brussel sprouts appetizer, two tonkotsu ramen, and two miso ramen. The atmosphere certainly felt like a traditional izakaya with their shared wooden benches and warm inviting lighting despite the gaudy and slightly insulting poorly drawn anime characters around and inside the bathrooms. Shortly after ordering we got our brussel sprouts appetizer. It came out on a small square plate in a pile with bonito flakes and tako yaki sauce over the top. In terms of flavor, it was almost synonymous with the toppings of traditional tako yaki, but in a char grilled brussel sprouts medium. Overall, not bad and unique, but not amazing.When we received our ramen, we were very impressed! They looked great, although the portions seemed a little small. However, when I first tasted the tonkotsu ramen I was shocked... shocked at how unbearably bad it was. The flavor was flat and lacked the depth and creaminess normally associated with tonkotsu ramen and was insanely salty. The egg was poached rather than hard boiled, and there was no fish cake or normal accoutrements. The only saving grace was the pork belly, which had a nice barbecue flavor and meaty and wonderfully fatty texture. After asking the waitress if it were normally this salty, she said yes and that next time I should just ask for it less salty. Well, needless to say after waiting 45 minutes and paying $14 for this mediocre portion of salty ramen, I painfully suffered through the bowl. With each spoonful, rather than wanting to slurp down the soup, I meticulously drained as much broth from the noodles as possible to avoid the jarringly salty taste. Well, after only a handful of those painful spoonfuls of broth, I was surprised to find that I had run out of noodles, leaving me yearning for more food... but sadly, not from Futo Buta.Overall, I&#39;d say Futo Buta aims for something higher than what they can deliver. Their atmosphere, prices, and appearance denote great food, but the taste of their staple tonkotsu ramen turns all the positives upside down. WAYYYY too salty, bland, and expensive. While service was adequate, no one likes to wait 45 min for bad food, and no one likes o be told that their tastes are not correct with the norm of the food; tastes that this particular reviewer has refined after eating some of the best ramen in the world in Japan. If I were you, I&#39;d avoid Futa Buta as their only redeeming quality is their braised pork belly, and barely redeeming from a 1 star at that...
As a native New Yorker, my review may come off a little harsh. I&#39;ve had my fair share of exponential ramen with rich broth. Futo Buta came short. Their broth was very bland, and not well balanced with flavor. The pork belly was cooked okay, and the noodles were fine. The broth needs to improve significantly. I will say however the gyoza were pretty good though. P.S. Turn down the air in there, or turn ON the air. It was SUPER hot in there, and I am a person that gets cold easily.
Having been to japan I&#39;ve tasted a lot of different kinds of ramen, so I came here with pretty low expectations. Of course you can&#39;t compare to Japan&#39;s, however Futobuta&#39;s ramen was alright. When I came my broth although deep in flavor, was not salty enough. Also they gave me siracha as a side to add to my ramen, no Chile oil, no sesame oil, or seasoning. For 14 dollars, I definitely did not get my money&#39;s worth in my opinion. The atmosphere is nice and it has a hipster-ish feel to the place, but ramen wise, I&#39;ll pass.
I order the TONKOTSU but there is no pork in it!I order the tuna on rice to go and the tuna portion is tiny.I would like the Uni and toro on crispy seaweed but it is out of order in a late afternoon on Friday.The restaurant is in the dead end of a side street which is not convenient if you drive and try to locate it.
What a wonderful surprise... after a long night out, I was craving a hot bowl of noodles for my recovery. I knew there were tons of pho places around but then I Yelped &#34;Ramen&#34; to try my luck... and sure enough, a ramen place! I already told myself not to have high hopes because I still haven&#39;t found good ramen in North Carolina. Pressure is on though ....I dragged 4 of my friends with me (even though they wanted to get brunch food and they were like &#34;Janet, of course you always want Asian food&#34;) but they were nice enough to let me drag them haha.... but lucky for me, they all thought the food was amazing! Phew!5 stars for the beautiful presentation of each dishes, the décor and the friendly staff. One of the nice servers there even walked out to the street to give us step by step directions while we were lost. SO NICE!!!  Here&#39;s what we ordered:3 stars for their Tonkatsu Ramen - ok but still better than Dashi in Durham so I&#39;ll take it. The broth was tasty but the noodles were so-so. I guess I&#39;m always going to be comparing it to the places in LA or Totto or Ippudo in NYC....  :-/  5 stars for the ramen if comparing it to other ramen in NC5 stars on the following dishes:Salmon belly nigiri special - soo deliciousSpicy tuna rice squares- perfectly seasoned, great combo of textures, beautiful presentationEggplant bun- fresh and delicious - I love eggplantFire and Ice Ramen - 5 stars for the broth, love the kimchi, gingery taste. Very unique and  full body flavor2 star for the asparagus as we thought the texture was too slimyOverall, I would give it &#34;Woohoo! As good as it gets!&#34; ... for ramen in NC so far :)I will definitely come back again to get my Ramen Fix in NC and ESPECIALLY to try all their appetizers. Definitely think their starters were the stars of the meal!
Spot on savory and spicy flavors topped off with rock/punk music playing in the background -need I say more?
It was three of us wanted to go to Izakaya, but many of them were closed on 4th of July.  We found this Ramen place with  Izakaya menu, so decided to try.  The restaurant is not big so it was kind of full, but did not look crazy busy. We ordered Kurobuta Pork &amp; Scallion Gyoza, Shishito Peppers and Toro nigiri, and we all had Buta Bowl. Izakaya dishes were fine, but Buta Bowl was a disappointment. 1. Double noodles were served in a regular size of bowl, so not enough broth made noodles soft. Could not taste the broth at all. 2. I gave my pork belly away cause they were too tough.  3. Service was way too slow and waitress never came back to checked if we needed anything else.  Overall I cannot understand why people gave 5 stars for this place.  If this place was in NYC it would never survive.
This Japanese Ramen place is pretty decent. Coming from New York where there is numerous ramen places in the city, Futo Buta was pretty good. I would recommend getting their pork belly buns. It&#39;s a bit on the pricey side for what you pay for comparing the size of the buns, but it&#39;s still worth a try. You must get their soft serve! Their sweet corn flavor is a must!
If you want to know whether your date is adventurous bring her here! The tiny restaurant at the corner of lynx blue line station, we ended up waiting for an hour or longer on Friday nights for a table and didn&#39;t really have the patience to get in. However trying again on a weekday, boom we got a place inside immediately. After seating you realize how tiny the restaurant is! You could be rubbing elbows with the other guests. The menu cannot be more apt - half dozen varieties of ramen and appetizers. Reading through the description doesn&#39;t really give out any visual cues. So I would say just go with a Ramen that contains your favorite protein. Another bizzare thing I noticed was there were more waitress than the number of guests. Our waitress was helpful but seemed really busy and running around. The ramens arrived quickly. Initially uncomfortable using the chopsticks but once your work the first few rounds, you would become adept at it. For a person who doesn&#39;t hand around much Japanese cuisines, the taste was new and interesting. May not suit everyone, one of my friend couldn&#39;t stand the smell of it and had our waitress to take it away. And glad that it wasn&#39;t billed. One pro tip I learnt was to mix your ramen thoroughly before slurping. We did also try the Japanese Fried Chicken - it was another interesting appetizer. The green tea Icecream was alright too. Be sure to walk around (visit the restrooms!), there is some interesting art work and pokemon style Graffiti. Overall an interesting and daring restaurant experience, very tiny and gets crowded on weekends. I would recommend this restaurant just for the fun of it and to get a break if you have been bored of the regular cuisines.
The Newa vegan bowl is amazing. As vegans, it&#39;s hard for us to find great meals. This is a favorite spot for us. The shisito peppers are great and they have a local selections of beer to start the meal off the right way. The seating is tight so go expecting to wait and sit elbow to elbow with strangers. Yes, slurp your noodles. It is appropriate and traditional for ramen.
Great place for ramen. I love the outside area with the bistro lighting. If you&#39;re looking for a quiet place, this is not it. It&#39;s loud inside and next to the train (I&#39;m not complaining, just pointing it out).They have a lot of items on the menu that sound delicious but pace yourself because just one bowl is enough to require you to roll yourself home. My husband and I ordered the Brussels sprouts, miso ramen, and tonkatsu ramen. The brussels were phenomenal. Crispy, yet not burnt. Saucy, yet not drenched. The sauce was wonderful and not too salty or too sweet either. I will say they give a lovely portion in a small plate so it makes it difficult to pick at it at first. You&#39;ll likely have some pieces fall on the table. Both ramen were delicious, although not very hot. The pork was tender. The egg is a little undercooked for my taste but I believe that&#39;s intentional. I added the ono (sp?) spicy sauce to mine and warning it is SPICY. It came as a glob in the ramen and I took most of it out and it was still testing my tolerance. Our waitress was kind enough to bring us extra water because we were hurting.Overall, great place for some good ole ramen.
So first off it takes a second to find place, with the gps routing you it&#39;ll basically take you in an ally which is fine and you&#39;ll park in the structure and walk up the sidewalk near the structure entrance and it&#39;s on the other side. I had to call the restaurant to find it as I was lost. The pork buns! So good, perfect amount of sweetness and crispy. 2 for $10, kinda pricy I think but idk maybe pork belly is expensive? The ramen comes in a nice portion which definitely fill you up, also with slices of pork and various other things. There&#39;s a lot of things to get here, I only got those 2 and they were both very good so I am sure rest of the food is just as good. Good stuff, sat at the bar right away.
I don&#39;t really know what all the hype is with Futo Buta. I&#39;ve been here twice now and only went here to try it again because I thought my first experience was just a restaurant off day.The Ramen was mediocre. I got both the Tonkotsu and Miso broth. The Tonkotsu is supposed to be made from pork bone broth, which would usually give it a fatty consistency, however, this broth was extremely bland and light. The miso broth lacked flavor. Both of the broths were extremely salty. OH and the egg. The onsen egg. It isn&#39;t the normal egg that you would usually get in Ramen. The egg reminded me of slurping up snot. It ruined my appetite for the rest of the day.The price was leaning towards the more expensive side of ramen. In worth-it fashion, it wasn&#39;t worth it.The service was excellent. They were attentive and friendly.Appetizers: I got pork buns. They actually tasted pretty good. The gochujang bbq sauce gave the right about of spicy and sweet texture. The pork belly was nice and fatty with adequate flavor. And the bun itself was light and fluffy.Overall, the ramen was bland and extremely salty. They should really replace the &#34;onsen egg&#34; with the regular ramen egg. The pork buns were a 8/10.
My FAVORITE ramen place in Charlotte. Granted, there are only a handful, so my knowledge is limited, but I do love food and have had many of dishes. I take all my friends who are visiting to Futa Buta. There&#39;s usually a wait on the weekend so make sure you make time for a 10-20 min wait. Usually if I&#39;m just with one other person, then I can get seated pretty fast. If there&#39;s more than 2 people total than the wait can increase due to their limited seating. The ramen is so good tho, it&#39;s worth it to me. I love their staff too. They&#39;re really nice and easy to talk to. I always go for their pork belly buns! Those are my favorite (even over the ramen).I&#39;ve taken about 4-5 friends here and all of them love it when we finish eating.
It&#39;s not going to be Ivan Ramen like in New York or something straight out of Japan but I think it&#39;s always solid, always filling, and delicious. I like the simple miso honestly but some people need spice in which case I&#39;d recommend going with something else. This place is always busy but the turnaround is quick so the wait is normally not too bad. Have been a bunch of times and will keep going.
Came here for a quick lunch. The Salmon Belly nigiri was quite good. I would order this again. I also ordered the Niwa (vegan) ramen. Obviously not an authentic ramen experience but it was decent and had the right amount of veggies and noodles. In general, thumbs up for having a bunch of vegan/vegetarian offerings on the menu.Service was friendly and prices were reasonable. Not bad for Charlotte.
I came here a couple years ago the last time I was in Charlotte. I loved it, so it was my first stop on this trip. I got the toro tartare--delicious, especially with the fresh wasabi. The tonkatsu ramen, however, was disappointing. The broth lacked depth of flavor, and to me, the broth is the most important element in a bowl of ramen. On the plus side, the noodles were a perfect texture and the toppings were good.
Amazing little ramen place in Charlotte! Location itself is pretty small, but that adds to the charm of the place. We were lucky and were seated immediately, but by the time we were leaving, there was a wait out the door. The fried Brussels sprouts were fantastic with tons of flavor and both ramens were great as well. Can&#39;t wait to visit again  and try different items on the menu... BTW place is closed on Monday so keep that in mind!
On the corner and was almost missed. My sis and I walked by it and cross the tracks almost. Thankfully we didn&#39;t. We wait a little and took some seats at the wall facing the tracks. We ordered karaage, pork bao buns, blue fin toro sushi, and ramens. If your hungry order the buta bowl, it was more then enough for me.
This probably is my favorite Ramen shop in Charlotte even though there aren&#39;t as many but it&#39;s a top notch restaurant regardless. Everything I&#39;ve ever had here has always been delicious. I finally dragged my girlfriend here since she&#39;s yet to try traditional ramen so we ordered the rice crispy squares (my convincing point to coming here), the Japanese fried chicken and the pork belly buns along with sharing the Tonkotsu and ending with some soft serve (strawberry basil and mango yuzu). To say we were full is definitely an understatement and everything was fantastic. Thumbs up to our server, Khiem, for all the recommendations, insightful tips on the food and service. It always helps especially when you bring someone new to try a new cuisine :-)We spent about $60 between the both of us which is definitely reasonable and you can find parking in the garage connected to the building if you decide to drive into Southend. You can park for about 3 hours so it&#39;s more than enough time if you are coming during peak hours as sometimes the wait can be anywhere from 30 min to an hour. It&#39;s not a big place but I love the communal style seating.
Oooooh daaaang people!!  This restaurant is legit!  So good.  I was honestly surprised that they were able to sit a group my size.  They usually never have any seats, soo timing is literally everything if you plan on eating here.  If you&#39;re not open to eating inside then plan on eating out on the patio.  Oh and make sure the weather is at least decent.  The location of the restaurant is a little unusual being beside the train tracks.  At the same time, if I was serving food this good, I&#39;d want people to know about it too.  Anyway, the staff was just as amazing.  They welcomed each person in my party openly and served the food just as fast as we ordered it.  I couldn&#39;t find anything to complain about except the location, but the food is still just that good!The Buta Bowl got me like whoa... the double serving of noodles was ALMOST too much for me to handle, but they underestimated my appetite, even after eating my appetizers.  Lol.  &#34;Oh ye of little faith!&#34;  Ooh and the spice they had in that punch bowl sized ramen tasted great, and was just enough for me to clear my sinuses.  People, drink the broth of this ramen and it&#39;ll clear you up for weeks!!  Don&#39;t trust me?  Try it for yourself, if you don&#39;t feel the same way, then it&#39;s your tastebuds!!  Haha...
Futo Buta Ramen is a small ramen noodle shop. I would definitely recommend the low country smoked pork belly buns and the gyoza as starters. I also really enjoyed the Fire &amp; Ice ramen. I just wish the salmon was a little more warm. The center was a bit cold. However it had an amazing taste. I definitely think it&#39;s a bit overpriced but definitely worth a try.
Alright let&#39;s lay this review out by components of the ramen. I got the shoyu because I&#39;m not a big fan of tonkotsu.Noodles: cooked al dente 5/5Broth: flavor was there but was a little too fatty 4/5Pork: charred outside and tender on the inside. Probably the best part of the bowl 8373638/5Egg: poached egg instead of the usual boiled salt egg with a runny center 1/5Other toppings: love the bamboo shoots but wish they had some naruto 4/5I&#39;d say overall it&#39;s pretty good but not great. Prices are on the pricey side for Charlotte at $13.
Mediocre ramen at a restaurant with a lively atmosphere and great service.1. Ramen: Honestly the most bland ramen we&#39;ve ever tasted. Doesn&#39;t taste like authentic ramen at all. We got the tonkatsu and the miso ramen. Noodles tasted like instant noodles. For ramen that is $15 (comparable to SF prices!!), I expected a lot better. I think my instant ramen at home has more flavor - although I will say the meat in the tonkatsu ramen was good. 2. Price: $$ - coming from SF, I&#39;m used to expensive ramen. However, this was way too expensive for what was given.3. Service: Great! Attentive and friendly servers.4. Atmosphere: Lively and crowded.5. Appetizer: We got the chicken karaage and it tasted like deep fried chicken, not karaage. Like another review said, this was a pass. Didn&#39;t taste authentic.If you&#39;re from a big city and have tried lots of ramen places like we have, you will be disappointed. If you aren&#39;t familiar with authentic Asian food or ramen, this might be a place for you to frequent (great atmosphere and location).Tl;dr we were craving good ramen and we didn&#39;t get it. However, atmosphere is great and servers are nice!
Pros:-good company-great service-clean outdoor seating with views of many cute dogs walking by-next to a CATS station-good bowl of ramen-quality chopsticks-giant water bottles at table so you can refill your own waterCons:-pricey for what you get-small restaurant so there will be a wait during peak times and it&#39;s crowded inside-chilly sitting outside as it&#39;s all in the shade at lunch time (heat lamp didn&#39;t help that much)
Very impressed by this place. I&#39;ve had some pretty good ramen in my life being from California, and this place is right up there with my favorites!The miso ramen was very flavorful and a pretty big portion size. There was an abundance of noodles! I added the ono hot sauce to make it a spicy miso, and it was so good! We also ordered the duck buns and the kara age fried chicken. Both were delicious. I highly recommend!!
Not really sure why people are so crazy about this place. The music is loud, you have to share a table with strangers you don&#39;t know (I don&#39;t mind Izakaya style seating) but not in this set up. My friend sat beside me and they came over to tell him he had to sit across from me In case they needed to seat the table? My negi toro roll had so much rice it was about 1cm thick of rice around the fish. Why?? No wonder it was only $9 for a toro roll PS I don&#39;t think it was toro either. Maybe it was just all mashed  up and gross. I left the other 7 pieces. Ramen was good but for $14/$15 dollars and only has 2 pieces of pork in it. The egg wasn&#39;t even done right, it wasn&#39;t soft it was just sunny in the soup. Why do people call this &#34;authentic&#34;?
Don&#39;t get underestimated by the size of this place- their ramen is large and filling! I never struggle to finish the bowl but always regret not saving some for leftovers the next day. I brought a friend here who had never had ramen before and her mind was blown by how flavorful it was! This place definitely more than satisfied by ramen cravings. Parking is available at the Post South End apartment complex, they have parking just for Post South End shopping. The wait can be long but worth it- they take down your name and number and text you when your table is available. Perfect time to take a walk along the light rail and pre-work off some of the amazing calories you&#39;re about to consume. We got the Shoyu and Miso and loved both of them. I like how the sauces and spicy pepper is already on the table, no need to wait for them to bring it to you. Oh and the bathrooms are super cute!
It&#39;s alright.  Noticed that one employee running around and sweating while others were chill. Cook busy listening to music on his headphones. Sushi was alright but all that extra nonsense stuff they lay the sushi on makes the sushi soggy and was definitely unnecessary.  Layout looked nice.
Finding the restaurant was extremely confusing - the storefront is facing the rails? Weird. My boyfriend and I were sat at the community table across from one another that was weirdly high-- if I was just one or two inches shorter, eating ramen at that table would have been a challenge to avoid elbowing my neighbor in the face.- Wagyu Tartare: 5/5 - This was the highlight of the lunch. The truffle flavor really came through on this. Taro chips were a great compliment to the beef! - Tonkotsu Ramen: 2/5 - Man. This was so so fatty. Comparable to what a tsukemen broth would be like. After 15 minutes, I was starting to feel queasy.- Fire and Ice Ramen - 4/5 - I had to sneak some of the broth from my boyfriend&#39;s bowl to try to lighten up my palate. The flavor was SO good! Unlike any flavor I&#39;ve ever had in ramen. Spicy with some sour - this was pretty good.I probably wouldn&#39;t return if I was craving ramen again- the wagyu tartare though.... that was definitely the star.
LOVE.  Best Ramen in the area.  Everything is fresh and made in house.  I love their seasonal specials.  It is ALWAYS packed In here.  But more than worth the wait!
My favorite ramen spot in Charlotte - so delicious!Although the restaurant is pretty tiny and hard to find, Futo Buta makes up for it with their delicious, flavorful food. We enjoyed our Gyoza and Japanese Fried Chicken appetizers, but fell in love with the ramen entrees. Not sure you can go wrong with any of the bowls, but my boyfriend and I love to split the Buta Bowl ($18). This is the priciest ramen on the menu - but so worth it because of the MASSIVE PORTIONS. Definitely enough to keep us both full and snack on more appetizers/desserts! The Buta Bowl has so many things in it (egg, pork belly, pork, corn, etc) and the broth is the perfect amount of spicy. We love the food here, but also the authenticity of the restaurant itself. Like I said, because it&#39;s tiny, there is one family table in the center where people sit directly next to each other. There are also other tables and seats at the bar and the outdoor patio, but it&#39;s a really nice feeling to all sit together and enjoy a nice, warm bowl of ramen. Super welcoming atmosphere and service. Can&#39;t wait to return on my next trip to Charlotte!
I thought the food was pretty decent! I tried the Niwa ramen and tofu skewers which were both good! Tofu skewers had a very unique taste but it&#39;s good! The ramen could&#39;ve used just a bit of seasoning but the portion was plentiful! It&#39;s a small-ish establishment with outdoor seating and walking distance from the light rail! My love tried the miso ramen and enjoyed it (lol he&#39;s easy to please so he always does).  We both agreed that we would return to try some other options that they have!
We stopped by at lunch around 12:45pm on a Saturday. I was super excited to find no wait. We snagged a table outdoors which was shaded with umbrellas. Service was prompt and we ordered a salmon belly nigiri to share (4 pcs $10) and each got the daruma bowl ($18). The nigiri was fantastic. The buta bowl was incredibly rich and filling. It has double noodles with smoked pork belly, an egg and duck confit. This was my first time so I cant contest to a change in their noodles. I thought they were pretty al dente and I liked the texture. The broth was not my favorite though. It was saltier then I would like. If the Buta bowl wasn&#39;t rich enough, we ended the meal with the green tea ice cream ($5). I&#39;ve had a lot of green tea ice cream- save your calories.
Legit ramen food. We got the fried brussel sprouts and that was great. Also got the pork belly buns which was also good. We got a variety of the ramen choices and they were all authentically delicious. There were so much noodles in the bowls which was very surprisingly as the bowls weren&#39;t very big. A tad on the pricey side but for me it was worth it. It&#39;s a small location and parking can be a bit of a pain. The hosts and waiters were very nice and friendly. I definitely recommend this place.
I LOVE their ramen.  It is amazing as well as the amount of noodles in each bowl!  (I come out super full).  I just wish their restaurant is bigger to accommodate more people.  I&#39;m not a fan of being elbow to elbow with everyone else.  And there&#39;s always a huge line for this place.  If you&#39;re in for sharing tables with other people, this is a good place for it.
Unfortunately this is not my favorite ramen place.I&#39;ve had many many ramens before so when this place first opened, I was so excited to try.The broth is the main reason why. There&#39;s not much flavor in it, but the pork that comes in the broth is very delicious; packed with the flavor. So this could be what balance out the broth in the ramen?The place itself is very small so it could get very crowded.I would still recommend people to come to try it themselves, but as for me I probably would come back here and there.
Ramen is good, but restaurant is too small and long wait to get a table. I will never come here.
Do y&#39;all not have taste buds? This was the worst and blandest ramen I&#39;ve had in a long time and it&#39;s expensive - NYC prices for half the quality!! The tonkatsu broth was thick yes, but it was totally flavorless otherwise. Can&#39;t tell if they layered in other dashi or even added a salt component. The noodles are also over cooked - by the time I was halfway done, they were so soggy. Nothing in my bowl was seasoned. Hugely disappointed. The only good part of my meal was the charred pieces of pork. That was well cooked, so props because usually it can be dry. To qualify myself, I&#39;ve lived in NYC for 5 years and have also had my fair share of ramen in Japan, so I feel like I have enough bowls to compare this to.
I&#39;ve had better. The ramen here was mediocre. It was salty and the portion size isn&#39;t anything like I&#39;ve had in the raleigh-cary area. I wouldn&#39;t go back again to be honest unless I had to.
Me and my husband was visiting Charlotte and wanted ramen since it was a rainy day. Futo buta was the first to pop up on Yelp under &#34;ramen&#34; so we went. We had the pork belly bao buns and the tonkatsu ramen. The pork buns was amazing! It was delicious. The pork was really tender and had a good char to it (which I love). Just wish the actual buns were hot. The ramen was... Ehh. We&#39;re both ramen lovers and tried many types of ramen but the tonkatsu lacks flavor. We couldn&#39;t taste the &#34;pork&#34; broth. It was super plain and tasteless. The broth is the most important part of the ramen and we were just very disappointed. The worst thing is spending money on food and it doesn&#39;t taste good. We didn&#39;t even finish half of it.
Finally was convinced by my boyfriend to come and check this place out since he loves it, and I&#39;ve been missing out on such good food. The experience was amazing. Starting with excellent customer service! Shout out to our server Khiem; he gave us great recommendation on what to get and how much should we get. He was also super friendly and checked on us and made sure we had everything we needed. The rice crispy squares where delicious. Perfectly crisped to perfection. I had read on yelp that the fried chicken was more batter than chicken, but in my opinion it was coated lightly and super flavorful. The pork belly buns were really good too. They definitely know how to cook pork belly really well. The ramen bowl is really filling so we split it and it was the best decision.  The broth was super flavorful and it makes a huge difference when the base of the dish is well done. All the ingredients were so good I can&#39;t wait to come back!!
Shoyu think you can tell, heaven from hell... Heck yes this place Rocked! Believe the hype. I&#39;ve had ramen all over the US map. This is a keeper! We must have lucked out, no wait. Fast service, guys know what&#39;s up back there. All fresh ingredients and you can tell with every bite. Shoyu think you can tell.
I would love to give this place a one star, but I&#39;ll be quite honest that the appetizers were the only hit about this restaurant. Ramen was overpriced for what it was worth; it was very bland and had absolutely no taste to it. I have never been more disappointed in my life. My boyfriend had gotten the tonkotsu ramen while I had gotten the shoyu ramen and they both equally were as bad as the other. The only saving grace of the 2nd star were their appetizers. The karaage was very moist and the sauce paired with it was refreshing. The seared salmon was also very nice. Though, I would not willingly come here for just the appetizers.
Amazing! Savory flavors can be as intense or as bland as you would like. Menu options for everyone including vegetarians. Ramen options are double portions so beware. Very hip decor and vibe. Totally casual and has outdoor seating.Location was tricky for me to find - across the rail and south one block from Hot Taco.An instant new favorite for this foodie.
I&#39;ve been here several times now since moving to Charlotte and havent been disappointed yet.  Great vibes in this place.  Emily&#39;s creations are phenomenal and Stephanie consistently Sparks my Joy!Quickly becoming my regular sustenance spot!Cheers!
Walked-in on a Saturday night for dinner, it&#39;s right next to a parking garage which is great. There was about a 20 minute wait, but you get a text when your table is ready, so we were able wander the streets a bit while we waited. Inside the restaurant is cramped, everyone is almost shoulder to shoulder. It isn&#39;t the most comfortable seating, but everyone is certainly fighting for a seat! If a ramen restaurant has a wait time in the hot-humid-90 degree North Carolina summer, it has gotta be good. We got the A5 Wagyu Tataki to start, the Fire &amp; Ice Ramen and their Seasonal Ramen Hiyashi Buta. The Fire &amp; Ice Ramen was on the saltier side, but the smoked salmon was done really well and my ramen craving was definitely satified. Their cold noodle dish, the Hiyashi Buta, was spicy with a generous amount of what I would describe as a thicker Asian Vinagrette. Perfect if you&#39;re craving noodles on a hot summer night.  Unfortunately, my boyf was the one who ordered the cold noodles, so I could only steal a few bites... I will be ordering this on my next visit!
Sadly does not live up to all the hype for me. My ramen standards are very high and I still haven&#39;t found a place that serves perfect noodles in flavorful broth!
Great place grateful great views of very excellent place to hang out with friends and have fun.
We went here when it was just opened and we found the place just ok. We came back yesterday for an early dinner and think this place has a lot of improvements. Recommended: Donbury, Hamachi Crudo and the Tori Kara Age. The Tonkatsu Ramen is good too. Unfortunately, their Buta bowl (ramen) and especially the Poke-mon Chips are wayyy too salty. My suggestion is when you order ramen here, tell them to go easy with the Tare (pronounced tah-reh).   But the highlight of our visit was the honey macha soft ice cream. Believe me, leave some space for this one. It is really smooth, not bitter and just the right taste of macha.
My sister and I had their tofu skewers, tonkotsu ramen, &amp; Chizu ramen! Definitely a unique place to come back to when I&#39;m back in Charlotte.
The setting of the restaurant is adorable, seems to always very busy but they get people in and out fairly quick. The food is superb, one of the best ramen in North Carolina with very fair prices. My group had Pork Ramen and Chicken, the pork was definitely better. And the green tea dessert is always highly recommended!
Delicious ramen, and housemate ice cream! Ice cream is a little overpriced.
What a delightful yet hearty dinner! Perfect start to a weekend after a long Saturday shift. Excellent ambience both indoors and outdoors, overlooking the skyline. Tonkotsu, Buta Bowl, and Miso (pictured) all wonderfully comforting with homemade ramen and seemingly limitless layers of savory goodness highlighted by a scrumptious pork belly that is perfectly seasoned/grilled/presented.Only recommendation regards the lengthy seating time (30min) despite several open tables outdoor, which we had requested; asked to keep standing in order to not &#34;overbook the kitchen&#34;. We could have been offered seats at those tables prior to actually ordering. Nonetheless, some of the best ramen in Charlotte.
Meh - overhyped - not that impressive - got the tonkatsu and it was really lacking in flavor.
Good decent Ramen joint - Owner and staff are friendly. The Ramen is top notch and delicious. Def recommend coming during the week days less busy. Overall dining and ambience is legit - will be coming back for my Ramen cravings !
all the appertizer were awesome. the ramens we had were okay. more Americanize than I thought. but it is very cute place for you to try out if you are craving for som good Japannese dishes and ramen
If I could give this restaurant a 0 I would. There&#39;s score is an 87, but that&#39;s not the reason why I want to give them a low score. This is supposed to be a &#34;family friendly&#34; restaurant (hints why they have high chairs) and the staff didn&#39;t prove that, especially the bus girl. She was a short chubby Hispanic looking lady with long black hair. My son was enjoying his rice and noodles and like every baby/kid they tend to make a mess but this lady was not having it and seemed to be very frustrated every time she walked by our table looking at my son and his mess and just making faces which was very disturbing to me bc HES A BABY! What do you expect him to do. (Mind you I&#39;m the type of mom that if they make a huge mess I will literally pick the big pieces they drop and help out in that way bc I&#39;ve been a server before) but this lady literally pissed me off when my son dropped his to-go cup (mind you the water didn&#39;t spill out bc there was barely any water in it) she literally looked at me nodded her head and walked right passed it without kindly picking it. I&#39;m not saying this to make it seem like they&#39;re there to do every single thing for me, no. But she was just rude. She was more at reach to it than I was since I was in a corner blocked off with my sons high chair. But, that was not what pissed me off the most. When I paid and left, my brother and his friend stayed behind and overheard her say to the next table that sat next to us &#34;idk why she would bring her baby here and have him make a mess&#34; like are you serious???? What kind of service is that????? He&#39;s a freaking baby and this is soo disrespectful to moms bc what are we supposed to do??? Stay stuck inside the house bc rude people like you don&#39;t like kids??? I eat out a lot and I have never felt so disrespected for being a mom with a social life. The staff does not make it seem like a family friendly environment, so I am not sure why they even provide high chairs if they don&#39;t welcome baby&#39;s. I won&#39;t be there again and I will def pass this message a long to every mom I know. Better start looking for another Raman place bc there service is not worth it, plus have a low sanitation score like that.. no, thank you!
I&#39;ve never had fancy ramen before, and this was a nice beginning. The waitress was knowledgeable, and efficient. I already knew what I wanted since I HAD TO WAIT OVER AN HOUR!!!! We were told it would be a 30 minute wait. Not too bad. But by the time we actually were seated, it had been an hour +. No &#34;sorry for your wait&#34;. No &#34;let me make it up to you&#34;. What we got was &#34;are you ready to order?&#34;. And it was a Wednesday evening. I don&#39;t know if it was worth going again if the wait would be 1+ hour wait.
My two favorites are the pork broth ramen alongside with an amazing Sapporo beer on tap with frozen Sapporo foam to top it off! Delicious!
Best ramen in town. Also the spicy tuna crispy rice squares are to die for! Ramen is big enough to split. Go early because they are always busy!
Futo Buta is a tiny little ramen place. I wouldn&#39;t come with a big party. The fried chicken appetizer is soooo good. I would not skip on this! Perfectly fried and still juicy inside. The sauce with it worked well with it too.I got the Tonkatsu bowl, since it is a popular dish. I wish I got a spicier level. I wanted to be conservative with the spice, but more spice would have added more flavor to the bowl. The meat was really great and good quality. I&#39;m not a huge pork fan, but still enjoyed this pork. The portions were so huge we didn&#39;t have room for desert:( Will be back for the soft serve!
Trendy little place in South End, very close to the light rail.  It is a very tiny space for how busy it is, but they keep it very clean, which I appreciate!  We had our daughter with us, and it&#39;s not very kid-friendly, only because it is a bit cramped.  We sat inside, but there is a cute patio area outside.We ordered the Rice Crispy Squares (interesting, but not sure I would order it again) as our appetizer.  I had the Fire &amp; Ice ramen ($13) as my entree.  The presentation was beautiful, and overall the flavors were very good, except some bites were a bit salty; I&#39;m not sure whether it was just a one-off occurrence or whether their flavor profile is on the saltier side.  My fiance had the Tonkotsu ramen ($14), which was also very good flavor-wise, but still slightly on the salty side for our tastes.  The portion sizes for the ramen were OK -- not a lot for the price, but enough to fill you for lunch.The service was great, but expect to wait during peak lunch and dinner hours.  Waiting outside isn&#39;t too bad, though, if the weather is nice.  We waited about 30 mins on a Saturday around lunchtime, but just walked around the light rail tracks to kill time.  Will be back!
Futo Buta was a hard place to find. We almost gave up, but thanks to the tip of a yelp review, we parked at the garage of one the apartment complexes. The restaurant was right around the corner.On to the food... I ordered their Miso Ramen. The broth was good and so was the pork belly. I thought that ramen and bbq flavored pork belly was an odd pairing though. The egg was also slightly undercooked for my liking. The texture of the noodles was a little off for me as well - maybe too much egg? I couldn&#39;t quite pinpoint what it was. Overall, a good bowl of ramen and deceptively filling. I thought the bowl was small, but there was a decent portion of ramen noodles in my bowl. My kids loved their Little Noodle Ramen. My pickiest eater kept coming back for more broth.My favorite dish of the night was their pork belly buns. Surprising, since I usually don&#39;t like pork belly. The flavors were spot on. Bummed that I had to share with my husband. Next time, I&#39;ll order my own. My kids also enjoyed their Japanese Fried Chicken appetizer.I&#39;m a fan of all things green tea, so I ordered their green tea soft-serve ice cream for dessert. They topped it with some honey, and it was delicious! I would come back just for that.Their ramen was far from the best I&#39;ve ever had, but I still enjoyed my meal.
OKAAY FUTO BUTA! My first experience here wasn&#39;t so good but I got to say I&#39;m so impressed this time! I had the fire &amp; ice ramen and it was sooo yummy! The salmon was marinated perfectly, and the ramen wasn&#39;t over salted like last time. I also saw that they added a lot of new things to their menu since the last time I&#39;ve been here, everything looks so appealing lol! We ended our meal with the black sesame icecream- oooo it was so rich &amp; creamy and I could taste the &#34;black sesame&#34;. WELL DONE futo buta I&#39;m so shooked! Wished I came back again sooner, because I can&#39;t wait to come again &amp; try everything on their menu!(:
This is a really cute spot. Love the atmosphere in this place. Staff is really friendly and the service is great. I had the fire and ice ramen. While I didn&#39;t really enjoy this dish, I look forward to trying others.
Futo Buta is a small, not-so-quiet ramen shop that is tucked away in a corner.  But that corner is worth the trip if you&#39;re like me and love ramen. It was pretty crowded when I went at around 9pm on a Saturday but that is to be expected from a place this size and quality.The shishito peppers are a good substitute for edamame(which they have) and the tori kara age dish has a great flavor.  The miso ramen is a great beginner&#39;s bowl in my opinion and the buta bowl is great but I recommend getting the spice on the side for those unfamiliar with spicy foods.Aside from the extra small size of the place and the plethora of quirky octopus drawings in the bathrooms, this is a good spot to get some good food.
It was meant to be. Walking along the rail trail with my hubs and pup, we stumbled upon Futo Buta&#39;s patio. They welcomed all of us and sat us immediately and brought out a water bowl for our thirsty pup. We enjoyed looking at all the Lynx riders and everyone passing by. It&#39;s a great place to people watch!The service was great! Every employee was so friendly, attentive, and hard at work. I didn&#39;t see anyone standing around or walking around without something in their hand. This is how every dining experience should be. The food is made from scratch, in house. Terrific! I got the Tonkotsu ramen and the hubs got the vegan ramen. Pork add to the depth in flavor in the broth. Ask for the Japanese 7 spice to add a kick to the meal. Slurp away! And for dessert, YES. Now we don&#39;t just have to watch the travel or food channel for a ramen bowl...we can get one in our own Queen City!
Prices have gone up and quality of food has gone down, along with sizes of the sashimi cuts and sushi rolls. My last visit here was on Superbowl weekend. First we were told we couldn&#39;t be seated. About a 1/4 of the place had reserved placards but some reservations weren&#39;t until 30 minutes after. As we were about to leave, I guess the hostess changed her mind and pulled two tables together for my party of 6. I&#39;ve been here many times and have never felt so rushed during a meal. This used to be my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix, but I left disappointed after taking out-of-town friends here. Oh, and I think they took off their check-in offer of miso soup and edamame.
The only place I want sushi from now on! Can&#39;t believe I waited this long to try this! Everything was delicious and I couldn&#39;t be happier. Let me start by saying the service was outstanding! They accommodated our party of 8 with a baby with no fuss whatsoever. Young was our waitress and she was very attentive but not overwhelming. I love how fresh everything tasted and how everything was flavored. It wasn&#39;t overwhelmingly sauced but enough that you don&#39;t need to dip in soy sauce. The spicy crab salad was a pleasant surprise and a nice start to the meal. I thought is would come out in a bowl but instead it came out as a roll and I loved it! Very refreshing.I don&#39;t think you can go wrong with any of the rolls because we sure didn&#39;t and we ordered almost half the menu. Fish is very fresh!
Be careful, this place accommodates parties of four people max comfortably since it&#39;s a small place. They have more tables for couples. The waiter we got was so unenthused when my family of six walked in. He also gave lousy service. The sushi itself was average, 3 star. But I give this place 1 star because I got the worst food poisoning of my life. Granted it&#39;s raw fish, so I take a cayenne pill to help kill any bacteria which should be suitable enough(if sushi is fresh/ prepared correctly). Unfortunately I had stomach aches, threw up, and had diarrhea. All together bad experience, would not come back.
It was the Saturday before Superbowl Sunday so the whole downtown area was chaotic. We decided to eat at this joint because the reviews were good and we were willing to wait a little bit for good sushi. Well I walked in and mind you no one else was waiting. There were two empty tables which could seat two. And imagine that we were a party of two.I approached the hostess who had a panicked and disinterested look beset her face and she basically said we can&#39;t seat you sorry. I asked her how long the wait was, she said an hour then again said I can&#39;t seat you. I pointed at an empty table and two empty barstools on the outskirts of the room. She said no those are reserved. I get it. It&#39;s Superbowl weekend. But at least give me the courtesy of the option to wait for a table to open up.  It doesn&#39;t seem wise to turn down potentially good business --especially not one from the likes of me who would have ordered for 4 people and made them some money.The scowl on the hostess&#39;s face and her demeanor-just unacceptable.
This is my favorite sushi spot in Arizona! It&#39;s worth the drive. I live in Gilbert area, but drive to downtown Phoenix for Harumi Sushi. If you want fresh fish and great service, this is the spot to be. Restaurant is small, cozy, and seems like always busy every time I come here.  Definitely has a moms and pops atmosphere. There is a line, but it goes by pretty quickly and worth the wait. Chef Juno is awesome and is always is good spirits! The Must try is the OMG roll! It will make you shout &#34;OMG!&#34; And they also have fresh real wasabi which is rare to find at sushi restaurants. Ive never been disappointed. The prices are reasonable. I love Harumi ! Highly recommend
I love this place! Delicious sushi that I will definitely come back to! Try the Harumi roll, or the H3 roll!
If there&#39;s a wait, wait. Absolutely nothing wrong with this place. Salmon was like butter and every roll was delicious and creative!  Purple rice made everything feel new and different. Finding Nemo roll highly recommended.
While I haven&#39;t tried many sushi places in downtown Phoenix, I don&#39;t think I need to keep looking. Harumi Sushi is pretty fantastic. The staff is always friendly - even for take out orders. Also, they have a cooler where you can just grab freshly-made rolls to-go. The fish is fresh, and the rice is purple! I haven&#39;t seen this offered in any other place. The prices are reasonable for what you get.Tip: If you do dine in, get the OMG roll! The server brings it out in wrapped in tin foil. Once unwrapped, the roll is on fire! It&#39;s a pretty cool display, and everyone around is usually curiously peeping over too! Anyway, it&#39;s a must-go!
The only sushi joint I recommend when people tell me where they should eat in Phoenix. The menu is lean compared to others but I never grow tired of it! Will continue to frequent this place when I&#39;m craving sushi. Thank you Juno for your talent and passion for making delicious sushi in Phoenix.
Really liked their sushi! Reasonably priced and great fresh sushi. Loved the purple rice :) 30%off after 2pm
Best unagi in Phoenix that I&#39;ve had. It was a generous unagi piece. The sashimi is also very fresh and melts in your mouth. The best part is that they use purple rice! It makes for a wonderful IG post
I was here during Grace Hopper, and this place was packed. It was apparently the busiest day they had ever had. The server was a little brief but I understood he was under a great deal of stress. The TV was showing some weird show about making fake food I think? I was confused. I grew up watching Japanese soaps with my father but this was something else. I found it entertaining but I&#39;m not sure that everyone wants to watch that. The food came out quickly and was fresh and delicious. For this quality sushi it wasn&#39;t a bad price either. I would come here again if I am ever in the area. They were totally understanding of splitting the bill with two cards in unequal amounts, and I have no complaints.
It is really a great place. The owner and cook are really creative on the sushi. We definitely would go again when we stay in Phoenix Downtown again.
Oh myyyyyyy.I&#39;m originally from California, visiting from University of Chicago though. This place is probably the best sushi I have ever had in my lifetime! Chef Juno came out and gave us some two free rolls and got engaged to my friend ;) This place is hilarious and soooooo good.We got the Oh my god roll which everyone already raves about. The finding nemo was sooooooo good. Las Vegas, crunch crab roll, and California roll were also amazing! Everything was perfect. The sashimi my friends told me was super fresh.My ultimate favorite was probably finding nemo! The tempura salmon inside is cooked perfectly.
So when I first walked in I had my doubts (the place does look like a mall food court) but the sushi was amazing. Very fresh sashimi and the specialty rolls were really really good (try the Oasis roll). The waiter and sushi chef were super friendly also.
This is my favorite sushi place in Phoenix! My first experience there was sort of funny. I came when they ran out of food, thus I couldn&#39;t be served. I decided I didn&#39;t mind getting so to-go sushi they had already prepared, and they gave me, initally, a discount of 30%. Then, they decided to just give it to me for free. I loved the sushi and was overjoyed the whole night. I wouldn&#39;t have mind paying for it.The other day was my first time being served, and I loved it so much. The server was nice and friendly. I ordered the OMG roll and Phily Roll and I&#39;m still thinking about it. It was the best sushi I have everrrr eaten in my whole life. There is a reason why the OMG roll is called that. You will literally say OMG repeatedly. My boyfriend ordered the Las Vegas roll, jalapeno poppers, and ramen. His food was so good I ended up eating all of his food :P I really enjoyed this place and I will come back soon.
They were so friendly and inviting! I strongly recommend it for lunch or dinner. Sushi was fresh and delicious!
Finally! We have found our sushi spot in Arizona. After moving from California and trying 6 different sushi restaurants in the area we thought we were doomed to mexican food and pizza forever. I literally said this was the last place i would try sushi and if it wasn&#39;t good then I would throw in the sushi towel.OMG! DELICIOUS! AUTHENTIC! ATTENTION TO DETAIL! FRESH!!The owner/sushi chef was so entertaining and really takes care of his customers. Everyone in the restaurant was brought a complimentary lightly seared tuna tataki with ponzu and thanked by him personally for coming in. I was hesitant to eat sushi with black rice but I am officially converted. While white rice has that chewiness and bounce back to it, the black &#34;purple&#34; rice was tender with the just the right amount of resistance to complement the melt in your mouth buttery fish. It felt way less heavy than white rice and the fact that its healthier makes me feel a little better about stuffing my face with sushi.GET THE FRESH WASABI! So worth the $2. I am officially spoiled. There is no going back to that powdered crap now. Its got such a fresh bite to it and it doesn&#39;t overpower the sushi like normal powdered wasabi does. We also got the Sex and the City roll, spicy tuna roll, and eel nigiri. They accidentally brought us the crunchy crab roll too and let us keep it no extra charge of course. Everything was amazing.We also got the spicy shrimp tempura ramen too (our eyes were bigger than our stomaches, and yes we got togo bags, were not sumo wrestlers!)I only wish they would set the shrimp tempure off to the side and not have it sitting in the ramen because it got soggy quick. I would probably just stick with sushi next time.TIP: Don&#39;t pay $12 for parking. The parking meters are free during the weekdays, we parked in front of the courthouse a block away for free, lots of open spaces to park.WE WILL BE BACK!!!
Always a great experience. Sushi is creamy, crunchy, and delicious. Can&#39;t wait to go again!
Decently priced delicious rolls! Had a sea urchin as well and it melted in my mouth.Very friendly staff!Will be back for sure.
A great take on chef&#39;s choice was the Omakaze. For only $35? Why not? Such a great variety of fresh seafood. To top it off? Staff was amazing!
6 Stars!! Seriously the best Sushi experience I have had - at normal prices.  In fact, save the swanky ambience of an upscale sushi joint, this place tops even those in service and, most importantly, food quality. Note: I&#39;m not saying the place doesn&#39;t have a nice style - but it&#39;s not super sushi snob either(which I&#39;m FINE with).What&#39;s the best thing about this place? They use Black Rice!!! So much tastier and much much MUCH better for you than junk husk white rice - if you don&#39;t believe me do some &#39;Googlin!I had the &#34;Chef&#39;s Choice&#34; - 5 Nigiri, 6 Sashimi, plus Oasis roll for $27.  The fish was very fresh, great taste, and good quality(high fat, great color in the tuna particularly).  This order was a perfect meal size. It almost seemed like there was much more than what is listed.  The Oasis roll is very large.I also had a Stuffed Jalapeño - excellent!The staff were extremely attentive - my water glass never went more than half empty and I was parched. The sushi came quick but I could see the master sushi chef expertly cutting away at it.  He also sent out some tempura fish as a bonus.
Came here for lunch with my friend the other day. The sushi is really good, love that they use the &#34;black rice&#34;. The only con I would say is that parking is an issue if your coming during lunch, considering it is downtown. My friend had to park in the $12 parkings, which is pricey.
If you find yourself in the Phoenix area this place is fantastic.  I would highly recommend calling in for a reservation.  Keep in mind that they give you a 5 minute grace period, if your later than 5 minutes they will give up your table.  When you see how busy they are, you&#39;ll understand why they can&#39;t keep a table open.   Pros:Sushi is really good and tastes fresh.  Very impressive.  They use forbidden rice which gave the sushi a distinct flavor, but not overpowering.  We had the Rainbow roll, veggie roll, California roll, asparagus roll, tuna sashimi, tuna, salmon, scallop, yellowtail sushi orders - all of it was great!! Pricing is awesome: we ordered all the above and 2 large beers and 2 ice teas, 4 miso soups and an order of edamame and we paid $120 with the tip.  (Sushi order - We ordered two of each sushi listed above) Cons: Just one - service is a little awkward.  I wouldn&#39;t call it bad, just disorganized.  Check your bill before paying, we were charged for 2 rainbow rolls, when we ordered only one.  But that&#39;s because we had 3 different servers - I don&#39;t think that was by design. But if you can be patient with the disorganization, the food is completely worth it.  The only reason I didn&#39;t give it 5 stars was because of the service.  But the food itself is 5 star quality.
I can officially say that Harumi Sushi is my favorite sushi spot in the Valley!!! Great food and even better service/hospitality. Love Juno, he&#39;s the best :) We have become somewhat regulars at Harumi and would probably go every week if it was closer to us.  The &#34;Oh My God&#34; roll is a must try for everyone...yum! Can&#39;t wait to go back for our next sushi fix :)
Food is fresh and delicious. Strongly recommend. But you probably need to wait a little bit long time since it is usually crowded
I cannot say enough about this place! My friends have been raving about it and I wish I tried it sooner. I have been on such a sushi kick lately and am so glad I found a place I can get my fix in. Not only do I feel this is one of the more authentic places I have been to in Arizona but it is so affordable which is an amazing find for a sushi restaurant. I always order their miso soup and philly roll however a lot of my friends have gotten several different rolls that I have had the pleasure of trying. I even took my grandpa here when he came to visit who is from Hawaii and gets fresh sushi everyday, and even he approved! I really love this place as well for the black rice that they make each roll with. I had no idea that there was such a health benefit to black rice until now and am so glad that I gave this place a shot. Harumi you have a loyal customer in me and I cannot wait to go back soon!
Coming from SoCal has its perks when it comes to fresh seafood. So when I moved to Arizona, I was sad to find that not many places have good quality fish. Enter Harumi Sushi to change my life forever.My brother, sister in law, and our two friends made a reservation for 7:30 on a Friday and were seated right on the dot. When we arrived we noticed there was a bit of a line so it&#39;s a good precaution to ask for a reservation for a party of 3+. As we were seated, we were pleasantly seated by one of the waiters near the sushi bar. The restaurant can be a bit cramped so don&#39;t expect to have too much room when you have a party of 5. After being seated and being handed a menu, we decided on 6 plates: the OMG roll, omakase, oasis combo, and a few other rolls I honestly can&#39;t recall.Being in Arizona, I&#39;ve lowered my standards for sushi. However, I feel like even if I didn&#39;t lower my standards, Harumi Sushi would have knocked it out of the ballpark either way. Harumi sushi&#39;s quality in fish, portion size, and even price is on point. For five people, 6 plates, 2 beers, and a premium sake ($35) we were all full and our check came out to be ~$150 minus tip. Parking can be found on the street everywhere with a meter. Service is perfect. Very friendly and prompt. Chef Juno is the best! Always making sure everyone is happy!TL;DR:Harumi Sushi is my new standard for sushi. Best. Sushi. Ever. Our party left happy, and so did our tummies! All thanks to chef Juno!!!!!
Surprisingly impressed with this downtown sushi restaurant. Small and quaint but very cool vibe. Good date restaurant. They use black rice in their rolls (as opposed to white rice) because it is a super food that is supposedly an antioxidant. I LOVED the &#34;Oh My God&#34; roll. The service was good, but not great. Sort of the typical Asian restaurant where the server isn&#39;t excessively friendly but just gets down to business. Check this place out if you are downtown
Because of yelp star reviews, my sister and I went there for dinner on 4/24/17 and it was a huge mistake because it spoiled my trip to Phoenix. I got sick from food poison from this place. Both of us got food poison and got very sick that night and the following day. I called and let them know so that they were aware of the issue but the lady from the restaurant told me that &#34;we get that a lot and people want something from us.&#34;  I was very offended because I wanted them to be aware of their food contamination and didn&#39;t want anything from them.  I&#39;m really surprised that they have 4.5 stars rating on yelp. If they are getting many food poison complaints, then our incident is not an isolated case. This needs to be investigated. Beware and do not eat there.
5 stars, nuff said! Just check this place out. Food and customer service was top notch. They&#39;re still taking people in and accepting new orders 5 mins till closing. Owner was so nice that he gave us free green tea ice cream for coming in. Sushi rolls looked and tasted fresh. Definitely coming back and supporting this local hub
AMAZING! A group of us go every Friday for co-worker/group lunch. The staff there will recognize us and seat us as quickly as possible (on a Friday at noon, it understandably takes time sometimes). Service has always been impeccable, drinks are refilled and we&#39;re checked on multiple times during the meal.Food is fantastic! High quality sashimi and the range of available rolls is great! Everything costs what you would expect and nothing is overpriced.Always look forward to Friday lunch here as it is a treat to end the week on!
Sushi is my favorite food and I&#39;ve frequented many sushi restaurants around the world. I&#39;m also quite knowledgeable about the subject having done a research paper on the topic and have educated many of my friends. Now, the point of this isn&#39;t to be conceited but to give context when I say this is one of my favorite sushi spots. Five stars, hands down, and I&#39;m a harsh critic.I was in downtown Phoenix for business recently and ended up stopping here during lunch one day due to the great reviews. When I showed up, the line was out the door and I knew I had made a good choice. I was a little put off by the order at the counter style of service as most sushi restaurants offer table side service but that didn&#39;t deter me.My colleague and I got up to the front and ordered the sashimi combo with oasis roll, harumph roll, sex and the city roll, veggie tempura appetizer, miso soup, and green tea mochi. Looking back, that was way too much food, but so worth it.The sashimi combo was amazing. The cuts of fish were thick and incredibly fresh and included salmon, tuna, yellowfin and ahi. All were equally tasty. In addition, the sashimi was topped with a small dollop of what tasted and looked like green onions mixed with wasabi. It added a whole new dimension to the fish that was very inventive. The oasis roll was also well made and fresh, especially as it is wrapped in thin sliced cucumber and had no rice. Perfect amount of sauce topped the roll and was a good companion to the sashimi.The harumi roll was a bit intimidating at first as it uses purple rice. It made the coloring look a bit strange but it tasted amazing. Again, perfect combination of ingredients that came together into a monster roll. The sex and the city roll was also quite good but not nearly as good as the rest of the order.After we finished we realized our appetizers had never come out. Upon mentioning it to the sushi chefs, they realized they had forgotten and immediately brought them out. We were already stuffed at that point but the veggie tempura was nicely done with a fresh dipping sauce world&#39;s apart from the sickly sweet stuff you might find at other restaurants. Also, we were given extra vanilla mochi and green tea ice cream on the house as they had run out of the green tea.Great service, amazing food, and perfect dining spot. It was so good we even went back the next day for lunch and had another great experience experience. I wish this were in my home city so I could go all the time!
I dropped by Harumi sushi for a quick dinner, around 8pm. It seemed pretty busy but I got my food quickly. You order off a paper menu, checking things off. I had a three mini roll combo and two types of nigiri: scallops and seared tuna. I didn&#39;t love the rolls but the nigiri were good, with fresh fish and good proportioning between rice and fish. For a quick, no frills sushi dinner, I would be back, but would stick to nigiri. The purple rice was fun and different - I prefer white rice but they pull it off okay.
Is this the best sushi I&#39;ve ever had? No, but omakase for $35 is a great deal! There was nothing exotic but there was 6 pieces of tuna sashimi, 3 pieces of seared tuna, 3 pieces of seared salmon belly, 2 pieces of tuna nigiri, 2 pieces of salmon nigiri, 2 pieces of spicy tuna nigiri, and some other goodies I devoured so quickly that only my tummy remembers.The service was fast and the fish was fresh. It was a great value! I would&#39;ve loved to try one of the cool rolls; maybe next time.
Holy moly this place is amazing!!! A little hole in the wall joint with plenty of personality is just what I needed in Phoenix. I highly recommend the Ahi Tower if you&#39;re not in the mood for a sushi roll. We will definitely be coming back for more
We ordered three rolls and they gave us back two big samples which was really very delicious! Also game us the mochi as dessert ! Love this sushi!
My favorite sushi place. Small and great service. I recommend the seared salmon. This and nobu are my go to place for visiting friends and family.
The food here is amazing the people that work here are super nice very clean and they always welcome you with a smile... Nice cool place to hang out and have some great sushi... Definitely coming back!! Oh yeah the yellow tail sashimi is the best sashimi I ever had and the prices are reasonable... If your in downtown Phoenix this place is a must try  you won&#39;t regret it.....
Stopped by this place with some classmates and the sushi here is amazing. The sushi chef even stopped by our table to see if everything was going well. I would highly recommend this sushi restaurant.
Honestly pretty impressed with this place. Downtown Phoenix a place I rarely ever decide to go to because of the distance and also primarily the parking situation. But this small restaurant was packed when I went on a Monday night with some friends. The menu is pretty decent with a good selection of rolls. They also have pickled wasabi which is great over that fake stuff you always get. The salmon tasted fresh and the rolls here also have black rice with is also good for you. Not bad for a sushi spot in downtown.
The sushi was amazing! The Vegas roll was a saucy delight and literally had me wanting more than I could eat!
TLDR;Friendly staff, great atmosphere, amazing value for price, and even better quality food! Will definitely return!Wow! So glad my first time was on a holiday! No line, no wait, and still excellent service! Got there late-ish around 8:15PM and parked in the lot in the back. $5 parking/hr during business hours. Max $15. *Pro tip: For parking you can download the mobile app (Parkmobile) ahead of time in case you don&#39;t want to pay on site or if there&#39;s a crowd.*First thing I remember smelling as I walked in was the tempura batter. Also, I was surprised there was no conventional sushi bar. However the chefs were very friendly and still greeted every customer who came in, ordered, and left. I felt very welcome and appreciated for my patronage.*Pro tip: Place is small, so preferable for a small group (6 or less) or  dinner date possibly pre/post orpheus*Was feeling indecisive but very hungry. Opted for the Omakase (chef&#39;s choice) and hot green tea (which wasn&#39;t as strong as I was expecting since I didn&#39;t let the tea steep very long). Multiple staff members offered to refill my tea with more hot water throughout the course of my meal, which I found charming, but ultimately unnecessary since I don&#39;t tolerate really hot beverages well.The personalized order took about 15 minutes to prepare, but it was truly worth the wait. Not only was it picture worthy, but it was of impecable quality. Had a large variety of fish, preparation styles, textures, and flavors. However each order had one thing in common.  They were all exceptionally delicious. *Pro tip: If you have dietary restrictions or are food texturally challenged, you can still order Omakase, just tell them ahead of time!*While eating I took notice of the decor and entertainment. The walls were lined with photographs and decorations that had probably seen better days. There was a korean variety show on the television but the sound was off and subtitles were scarse...so unless you read Korean, don&#39;t expect to understand/follow much of what you see.At the end of my meal the chef asked what I thought, if I was satisfied, and then politely thanked me again. Payment was seemless  and without error despite not being itemized. I would have liked to have gotten dessert, but they were closing...and this way gives me one more excuse to come back soon!
Garbage garbage garbage. We came to this restaurant and put down our names; we were hungry, but we could last the 15-25 min wait. 40 minutes later, we went to check on the status of our seat. We found that our name had been crossed off their list.Having been appolagized to and told it would be only 15 more minutes, we settled in to wait a bit longer. After 25 minutes of hearing nothing from the staff, we went to investigate again. We were told they were closing. They wouldn&#39;t seat us.Incompetent and infuriating, the staff wasted our time, and by the time they were done fucking us, other restaurants nearby were closed. Why isn&#39;t there an option for zero stars? That&#39;s what we got from Harumi.
We have been intrigued by Harumi Sushi as this restaurant resides in our building, it is always crowded and the reviews are amazing...so we decided to try it out!  I actually don&#39;t eat sushi, but thought they served teriyaki chicken (I guess they used to, but no more - bummer).  I ended up ordering edamame and potstickers (wish they were steamed instead of fried) and both of them were quite good.  My husband ordered a variety of sushi and was very impressed - great value and quality of fish.  He&#39;ll definitely be a repeat customer!
I ordered salmon sashimi, and checked in for a free miso soup and edamame which was awesome! :D I got a very generous portion of sashimi and it was yum yum yummy! I also usually never use wasabi (after a scarring incident when I first tried wasabi), but the sashimi came with a wasabi/green onion sauce on it, and it actually tasted pretty good! It also cleared my sinuses up right away, which makes me feel like I&#39;ll crave it when I&#39;m sick. xDAnyways, service was also very good and fast! The waitresses were super nice. (:
Pros: yay! We&#39;re huge fans! I got the sushi that they flambé and I loved it. Great smoky flavor. The purple rice is what we use at home, so I liked that took. Takes credit cards. Cons: parking a pain.
Juno (the sushi chef) is Awesome!I was visiting from NYC for the PPA Convention and Yelp said I had to try this place. I actually arrived a little before opening but the staff was very kind and allowed me to order. I ordered a lot... Juno actually gifted me 2 complimentary Miso Soups because I said I was bringing Sushi back to NYC. I was too embarrassed to tell him I was ordering for one hahaha. The stuffed Jalapeno Popper was INCREDIBLE. Ack! I don&#39;t remember the other 2 or 3 rolls I ordered but these rolls were crazy good! And the portions were HUGE! I love how they use Purple Rice. I wish we had Harumi in NYC. I wish I wish I wish!
I love love love how Harumi Sushi only uses wild black rice for their sushi. When cooked, the black rice turns a beautiful purple color. While my friend and I sat down to eat, there was a screen across from me that described the benefits of the black rice. Apparently black rice has more antioxidants than blueberries and they&#39;re cancer-fighting as well. It also has high sources of vitamin E and iron. I ordered a Philly Roll and Crazy Roll. The sushi was amazing with just the right proportions of fillings to rice. I hate it when I get sushi that has too much rice and not enough fillings, but Harumi Sushi got it right.The main thing to emphasize about this restaurant is the black rice, again. This is the first sushi restaurant I have been to that makes their sushi with black rice. It feels good to know that people are health-conscious and it&#39;s another one of those healthy places where you don&#39;t have to feel bad about &#34;eating out&#34;.
I have to admit, living in Hawaii and visiting downtown Phoenix, my expectations for ono sushi were floor level at best. I knew we had something good going when we walked in and were greeted by a Japanese waiter with a Japanese cooking show playing on the big screen. We ordered the OMG, Sex in the City, and H3 rolls, all prepared perfectly. Love this place!
Great place for weekday lunch. Good portion for lunch bento with options of various kind of side dishes.
Came to visit Phoenix for the long weekend, and wanted to grab some decent Asian food in the area. Not too many places popped up, but Harumi Sushi showed up as one with beautiful pictures of sushi and interesting purple rice. Of course, I jump on it and introduce the option to my family. We arrived around 12:30 pm for lunch on a Monday (though President&#39;s Day). The place was busy, but we were next on the list. It didn&#39;t take that long to wait. We ordered a wide selection of items, and we had the chance to try them all. Spicy Sashimi Salad ($10): comes with tuna, salmon, crab, masago, lettuce, cucumber, avocado with Sriracha sauce, eel sauce, and tempura flakes. To my surprise, the salad was mostly comprised of sashimi. You get thick cuts that are marinated in sauce, which almost reminded me of poke. Slices of fish were thick and almost melt-in-your-mouth. I enjoyed the tempura flakes, as they gave the salad a crunch. You get a slight kick of spiciness too! Definitely recommend this! Tuna Sashimi ($12): comes with 8 pieces of nice and thick cuts of tuna. If you&#39;re a sashimi fan, this is a great option! However, I think that with the options you have, go for something that&#39;s more filling. The slices of fish that come with the other stuff are not lacking in comparison to the sashimi, so I think you get more bang for your buck with the other items.H3 Roll ($13): comes with spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail, avocado on top, cucumber, tobiko, masago, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. While this was one of the recommended on Yelp, I felt that this was slightly overpriced as compared to the other options you get on the menu. Flavors make it a solid roll, but there was not anything extremely special. It&#39;s not something I&#39;d come back craving for though.Mini Roll Combo ($15): this is a GREAT deal. I definitely recommend getting this. You basically get to try three different rolls, which is awesome. Choose from Rainbow, Dynamite, Las Vegas, Spider, Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, Crazy, Arizona, and Super Crunch Shrimp. I chose Dynamite, Las Vegas, and Arizona. - Dynamite: California roll with spicy tuna &amp; jalapeño on top. Decent roll, but nothing too out of the ordinary. Great if you&#39;re a spicy tuna fan and like that on top.- Las Vegas: fresh salmon, cream cheese, crab salad, jalapeño, avocado, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. This roll was absolutely amazing. GET IT. I loved how the roll was fried, which gave the roll an extra crunch that also powered up the inside of the roll with flavor. - Arizona: tempura, shrimp, crab salad, cream cheese, avocado, topped with spicy crab, eel sauce, and tempura flakes. Liked this roll, but in terms of standing out, it was okay. The spicy crab on top was interesting and unlike most rolls I&#39;ve had, though it worked out well.5 Nigiri + Crazy Roll ($16): basically, these get you lots of fish, and not so much rice. What I loved about it was exactly that. Thick cuts of fish, and extremely fresh and soft. Crazy Roll almost reminds me of a protein roll, but you do get some rice. Definitely the majority is fish though. Would recommend!Had the chance to also try the spicy tuna roll, which was a solid one if you like spicy tuna. Comes at $6. I also took pictures of gyoza and the 6 Sashimi + Oasis Roll, but I didn&#39;t try them because they weren&#39;t what we ordered (it was someone else&#39;s that they accidentally brought to us). Would definitely bring someone here if I&#39;m in the area. Parking may be a bit hard--you have to find street parking--but we had no problem finding a spot just a block down. Service may be a bit frantic, especially during peak hours, which was when they kept messing up orders. But once the storm died down, service was fine.
This sushi place isn&#39;t up to par. The sushi pieces are so small, and there isn&#39;t a lot of variety on the menu (although there are a lot of choices, the ingredients are pretty repetitive). I ended up ordering the Three Set Mini Combo and got spider, shrimp tempura, and dynamite. The dynamite had waaaay too much sauce on it, and the tuna just fell apart when I was trying to pick it up. The shrimp tempura and the spider were okay. In general, the pieces were just too small though, and there was too much sauce on all the rolls.
Absolutely the best sushi place in town. Lunch is different from dinner, they tend to the fast paced lifestyle during lunch, but dinner is a sit down. They use the purple rice instead of the typical white. When I go I always get the Oh MY God! roll... just trust me it is a show and it taste amazing. They do their nigiri right, cut and prepped properly. It is run by Japanese owner not korean like majority of the sushi restaurants in town.
This is one of the better sushi spots in AZ they I&#39;ve been to. The staff is full of energy and excitement. Right as we walked in, we saw everyone moving swift, the staff all welcomed us, and there was a group getting cheered on for their OMG roll. The ambiance was very lively.The food is delicious and comes out fast. Literally within 5-10 minute of ordering our food, we received our meal.The use of forbidden rice adds a unique experience to the the taste of each roll. Even the basic California roll tasted better here. It&#39;s a very refreshing take on sushi rice - perfect texture, flavor, and consistency.We ordered gyozas, the California roll, the salmon roll, the mango roll, the Harumi roll, and the OMG roll, and the special of the day (bluefin combo, which came with toro sashimi, bluefin nigiri, and bluefin roll). The everything about the bluefin combo, the OMG, and Harumi were amazing - fresh and flavorful.  IMO, the OMG is the best cooked roll I&#39;ve tried.
I love this sushi spot in downtown Phoenix!To my surprise, they use purple rice for their rolls and entrees.  That&#39;s the first for me on sushi! Tasty rolls and nigiri set! I ordered up the chef&#39;s special for lunch and got the omakase for dinner!  Popular place for dinner.  I had to wait for a good twenty to half hour, but it&#39;s worth it!  Casual attire for this surrounding, but above the notch sushi!I like the squid nigiri, toro and hotate nigiri!  I had to ask if there was uni and they have it....off menu! Nice.  It doesn&#39;t hurt to ask.The owner was friendly and entertaining as well as accommodating!  He took care of us with complimentary miso soup and this tuna sashimi flavored sauce dish!  He also packed me up some green edamame to go!  He was generous and funny with his visits during our dining experience! Ayce sushi and staff!  Recommend, yes!
&#39;m surprised this place hasn&#39;t taken off yet! Good price, great sushi, awesome staff. It&#39;s mostly awesome for the quick lunch. I just wish they had a website 1, but their hours will be better when they&#39;re open for dinner next week.
Wanted my fist real sushi experience to be good sushi. So here it is, they are wonderful! I had the oasis roll which was not bad and my friend had the Las Vegas roll which was breaded and just so good! Although I wasn&#39;t a complete fan of my option, the cook was kind enough to offer us a free Harumi sushi roll per he made an extra. It was very good. He also advised that if I didn&#39;t like the cucumber; which I think was soaked in a type of vinegar-that I have the option of asking for a soy wrapping. I will definitely return to this place again. They were so nice and helpful. Service was just great.
The only place in Phoenix that I will revisit for sushi. It is ridiculously tasty and prices are beyond reasonable. I thought finding a legit sushi joint in Phoenix would be tough, and it sorta still is! Every time someone outta town visits, I make sure to take them here because it&#39;s that good.  The sushi chefs and servers are all so friendly and chat you up too. Omakase is only $35! I get this every time and it never disappoints. I&#39;ve tried various rolls and they&#39;ve all been yummy too.I knew I loved it here when I ordered sushi to-go. I ate half of it, then refrigerated the rest to snack on at a later time. The purple rice was still soft! It wasn&#39;t all dry/hardened at all! I was like whaaaaat never have I experienced that. Can&#39;t wait to eat here again
Living in Phoenix it&#39;s extremely hard to find an amazing sushi place. Until now! First, this is the first place I&#39;ve ever been to where the rice is purple! I came for the first time with my friend and every roll I got was amazing. I wish they had a website because I couldn&#39;t remember what was exactly in my rolls. My favorite was the H3 roll and the Oh my gosh roll. You will definitely like this one. The name speaks for itself. Trust me, you won&#39;t be disappointed. My friend was also friends with one of the chefs so he let us try some rolls he made. Everything was so fresh! I brought home the leftovers and they still tasted yummy the next day. I wish I could come here everyday!
The purple rice here is certainly amazing, but from all the hype I was expecting WAY delicious rolls. Instead, I got deinitely good rolls, but nothing super outstanding. The best roll by far was their Oh My God roll. It has eel and it comes out in flames! Impressive visually and tasty. We got three other rolls which I don&#39;t even remember the names of. They weren&#39;t that imoressive.What I enjoyed:-OMG roll-Stuffed jalapenos-Salmon sashimi (hard to mess this up, nice fatty chunks)-Purple sushi rice (you don&#39;t have to ask for this, it comes with all rolls and, in my opinion, adds a whole other dimension to the roll because of its flavor)
Sushi here was really great! Especially the spicy sashimi salad. The OMG roll was too much of a hype. There was too much going on with the roll. Didn&#39;t know what I was tasting. Everything else was amazing! The restaurant is a bit small so the wait can be long if they&#39;re packed.
Few sushi rolls are more aptly named than the &#39;Oh My God&#39; roll...I found that I just could not stop repeating &#39;Oh my god...&#39; as they were bringing out the dish (super impressed by the way with how the server handled the dish that was housed in an aluminum foil cover engulfed in flames!), and seemingly with every bite...I&#39;ve had A LOT of sushi in my life all over...S. Cali, NYC, Boston...and this place is easily near the tippy top of the list of best sushi I&#39;ve ever had...the H3 roll was fantastic, love the spicy kick at the end. The Ahi Tower (kind of a deconstructed roll) is hands down one of my favorite dishes ever at a restaurant!!  We also had the spicy tuna roll, which is one of our favorites to begin with, but it was even better with black rice. My wife and I then proceeded to eat every single piece of food that came with the Omakase for two dish, and everything was not only extremely tasty but just SO SO fresh!! The generous chef then topped it all off with a complimentary &#34;sushi dessert,&#34; which was 6 pieces of what looked like little mini tuna steaks just perfectly adorned with some wasabi flavoring...can&#39;t say enough good things about this place. I actually did not think there were any sushi places in AZ worth going to, but we made the 45 min drive from the West Valley just to try this place and it was well worth it. Do not miss out on this Phoenix gem, if you&#39;re a sushi fan, this place is a MUST try...thank you Harumi, we will be back!!!!
Seriously love this sushi restaurant! The staff truly care about their customers and truly value their experience. This is my second time here and each time they have taken their time to ensure each and every one of their customers has a great a experience. Bonus! The sushi is to die for! The OMG roll and Las Vegas is to die for! They also have a few other delicious rolls but these are my favorites. I come to this restaurant for the customer service and the quality of the sushi. You won&#39;t be disappointed!
Staying in downtown Phoenix and craving some sushi, we stopped in. We went right at 6pm on a Wednesday night and they were busy and already had a wait! They serve sushi with black rice which is a neat little fun distinction, but I honestly couldn&#39;t taste any difference from usual sushi rice. The OhMyGod roll is a definite must and was delicious! The staff are nice but they were like chickens running around with their heads cut off being so busy. It&#39;s a little noisy, but overall a great little place.
Favorite place for sushi in phx. The owner and staff are awesome. Super friendly and funny. They use purple rice with their fish which is a nice change. Cool part of downtown phx. Never have to wait for a table. If you bring a cute girl with you, you&#39;ll end up with free sushi from the boss. Great guy.
I guess I shouldn&#39;t expect too much from a sushi place in the middle of a desert. I expected more given the number of good reviews.  I had one of the fancier rolls and it was not much more than grocery store sushi.  Note I&#39;m from Seattle though.
This place is awesome.  Everything is very tasty and fresh. Their signature roll &#34;oh my gosh&#34; is the best: fun to watch and umm &#34;yummy  in my tummy&#34;.  They serve sashimi with real wasabi seed- spicy.  Friendly staffs, and good services even when they are very busy.  Definitely best sushi in town.
Very fresh food and inspiring dishes (like the tuna summer roll). Food is wonderful, and what makes it a memorable place (we are on a trip) is the friendly and welcoming people here. The generous and humours chef made our day!!
I adore this resto, hands down the best sushi in metro Phoenix. I&#39;ve had numerous rolls here for lunch, and one of my favorites is the OMG roll, it&#39;s served wrapped in foil and flaming! And yes, when it&#39;s served, you&#39;re like OMG! (insert valley girl reaction here) I&#39;m a fan of the H3 roll which is spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail, and the Ahi Tower too which is more a rice bowl of sorts. What I love about this place is that it&#39;s unique in that their sushi is made with purple or forbidden rice. So it&#39;s better than white rice, and brown rice too. It&#39;s pretty much a sushi resto with exceptions during the weekday lunch hour where they also serve bento boxes. The seafood is fresh, good eats, and a great experience!
I was in Phoenix for 2 months and came here based on a coworker&#39;s recommendation. I came in for lunch and did not have to wait for a seat luckily. The service was outstanding. And the best part...the Oh My God roll! Talk about presentation and deliciousness! It comes out in foil that they light up to heat the sushi inside. Then, once you taste the sushi, its name just comes out of your mouth because it is so good!
If you&#39;re ever in downtown Phoenix and wanna try some pretty good sushi, come to Harumi Sushi!This small place was told to us by our friends who have been going there for years! This place does not disappoint! The quality of the sushi is quite good and they&#39;re known for some of their differences compared to other sushi places. One thing is that in some of their sushi courses, they use purple rice, which is a rice infused with beans of some kind. It&#39;s absolutely delicious. Also, what&#39;s so special about Harumi too is that they make their own wasabi. It&#39;s definitely worth the $2 to get. Overall everything tastes great!!! The only things that might be a little hard on a customer is that it&#39;s a very small place, it won&#39;t seat that many people on a very busy day and it&#39;s quite expensive.
Blue fin combo is so good! A big slice of blue fin with 3 fat blue fin nigri and 4 pieces of chef chosen nigiri. I&#39;d definitely come back. Good prices, good sushi, great service.
Harumi is one of the better sushi restaurants in Downtown Phoenix.  The staff is always friendly, no matter how busy they are and no matter how rowdy their  customers get.They are great at making recommendations from their menu.  My new favorite is the Ahi Tower.  It&#39;s beautiful and packed with flavor!  If you are in the downtown area I would recommend Harumi.  It&#39;s not as swanky as some of their competition, but the fish here tastes fresher and service is more attentive.  One thing to note: the rice they use is purple-colored.  If you read the explanation on the monitor you learn that it&#39;s a super-food.  I love this concept!  I have taken visitors here on several occasions and they&#39;ve all ended up loving Harumi!
After looking at the menu, I realized it was the same menu as Kode Sushi. And I confirmed it after asking the waitress. I decided to order the same lunch special as I had at Kode, and it was the same. I enjoyed the meal. A Las Vegas roll, Shrimp Tempura roll, miso soup and 3 gyozas for $10. For a quick cheap sushi meal, this is the place to go in downtown Phoenix!
Really good sushi. Coming from LA and trying different sushi places, this place is affordable and you get a great amount of good sushi. We love the Vegas Roll (must try!) and the Philly Roll. Don&#39;t be afraid of the black rice, it tastes like regular rice just with a twist of color. :)
Had dinner here with the wifey and two of our very close friends, only steps away from the Westin Phoenix and the place is very welcoming.Food: Pretty good and being a sushi self proclaimed aficionado I was impressed. Pure purple rise which I normally have when having Korean was their staple.Ambiance: Casual and the staff were friendly.Food Tidbit: Juno the head chef offers fresh wasabi on his sashimi - which caught us by surprise. If you happen to be in Downtown Phoenix, you won&#39;t be disappointed. Funny Tidbit: The restroom is farther away than you would expect, after a few doors and arrows - I laughed as the waitress said it was a mile away.
This restaurant is located at the heart of downtown Phoenix. Its a nice little area to walk around before or after dinner. Plenty of parking around the area (mostly metered or paid parking). Pretty decent sushi, cute place for a date night. Kinda small restaurant so expect to have to wait a little bit. Their black rice sushi is pretty interesting and it taste no different than the regular ones. It&#39;s always nice to feel like you&#39;re eating healthier haha. The sashimi quality is slightly below what I normally have at LA, but given that it&#39;s in Phoenix I think it&#39;s pretty good already. Very fast service, food came out 5 minutes after we ordered and we also got a complimentary side of seaweed salad (decently big portions for free seaweed salad). Overall good experience!
Great sushi and a lot of diverse rolls and alternatives. I&#39;ve only tried the H3 roll so far and it was amazeballs! The staff is very nice and attentive. I will be going back for more.
I had my doubts about good sushi in Phoenix, considering that the ocean is far from visible. But after reading the numerous positive reviews about this place, I decided to bring my colleague to check it out. We walked over on a Monday night, and were seated right away. Service was already excellent--the hostess and the server were both smiley and friendly, and gave us the appropriate amount of time to decide what we wanted.Food selections:1. Gyoza (4/5, $5): By all means, standard. No other way to describe it.2. Veggie tempura (3/5, $4): I think the menu says 5 pieces, but upon first glance, it&#39;s a pretty big plate of tempura. Also standard. I thought the yam and squash (?) pieces were a bit undercooked, though.3. Spicy tuna roll (4/5, $6): Pretty good. Nice proportion of rice to fish, and it&#39;s pleasantly spicy, and quite fresh.4. Spicy salmon roll (3.5/5, $6): Just okay. Not as fresh as the tuna that time. I&#39;d probably go for the spicy tuna because that&#39;s usually something you can&#39;t go wrong with (unless you don&#39;t eat raw fish). Spicy salmon just sounded exotic to me.5. H3 roll (5/5, $13): This is also an exotic-sounding roll, consisting of spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail, and other fillings. While the fish in this are all described as spicy, I would not call the roll spicy. It simply has a slight kick to it. Definitely flavorful, as well as recommended.All this came out to just under $37. Pretty darn good! Oh, about that purple rice... I&#39;m no rice and grains expert, but I don&#39;t think it tastes that different from brown rice, and the texture is drastically different from white rice. But I do think it filled me more easily, which is nice, because it made for a cheaper dinner :p
I love finding restaurants that are great quality and great prices! I was in town for one night and didn&#39;t want hotel food or pizza. So I gave this place a chance and I was not disappointed. Sat down and got complimentary miso soup and edamame. My friend and I ordered a shrimp tempura roll which was yummy and well made. The best deal of the night was the spicy sashimi salad! For only $9 bucks, what a steal! It had plenty of tuna and salmon and the sauce that was mixed in was a perfect blend flavors with the right about of spice. The owner/chef did come around and tell us that if it was too spicy, to let him know next time. I also ordered the ramen with shrimp tempura which was ok. Don&#39;t expect it to be like an ippudo or legit Japanese ramen. Overall, I&#39;d definitely recommend this place! They&#39;re pretty slow since they just barely opened but I hope this business finds much success.
This place is so yummy it makes me want to pull my phone out mid meal to type about it. (Which I did not do bc bad etiquette!)Harumi has got my favorite sushi in all of AZ! Started with the omakase, which is so reasonable for $35 (and that&#39;s coming from someone who eats sushi every time I go back to San Diego). All the selections were super fresh! I think it was some tuna that was SO mouthwatering and just melted in my mouth. OOH I also think it&#39;s so cool they use purple rice here! Got a taste of that in the H3 roll &amp; the OMG roll. H3 was good, but the OMG roll was...OMG. If you love novelty rolls and exciting food - TRY THIS OMG ROLL! It&#39;s set on fire in front of you and you will likely be exclaiming &#34;OMG!&#34;I really love Harumi and want to try to come back as frequently as I can!
Wow! I&#39;m so glad my friends and I stop by this place! Came in and we were greeted very professionally and got seated right away. We had 2 servers taking care of us, Mary and another Asian lady. They were both very nice and sweet! We started ordering and when our sushi came out the rice was purple! I started thinking &#34;omg what the heck, it&#39;s not gonna be good.&#34; I was wrong! It was the best sushi I had so far! The rice was so soft and the tuna was so fresh. We also order Gyoza and those were pretty good. More sushi came out and let me say, they were all good! I love it here. The vibe is very nice and the decorations were very modern. Great service, fair price for sushi, I will definitely come back again!
This is a sweet place to get some good sushi. I went with a few friends and we got a ton of it, all of it being good. One of my friends that went isn&#39;t big on sushi, but they had a teryaki chicken that he ordered and he said it was good as well. A cool little place and I look forward to coming again.
I went to Harumi while I was on a business trip to Phoenix.  It&#39;s a small place, nothing fancy, but convenient and reasonably priced.  They tend toward the rolls more than a la carte, and use &#34;forbidden rice&#34; instead of white rice.  They have some creative rolls...the &#34;Oh My God&#34; roll is interesting, as it comes out flaming.  Fun.  Service was good, and it&#39;s a little unusual in their preparation.  If you&#39;re looking for traditional sushi, this may not be the place for you, but if you&#39;d like something different, it&#39;s a cool place.
Had a lunch here with some coworkers some of who have had their eye on this restaurant and had been wanting to try it. We went during a busy time of day so service was understandably slow. I had asked our server if they could make a spicy yellowtail roll in place of spicey tuna to which she said yes and scribbled something on our menu before taking it and giving our order to the chefs. When we were handed our sushi rolls I was given Spicey tuna instead of what I asked for, so I sat there waiting for a half hour before she had came by again and I brought it to her attention, she said okay and rushed off leaving the untouched roll at out table. About 20 minutes later another serve came by to check on how we were doing and I had brought it to his attention as well that my order was wrong, he apologized and took the plate to return with the correct order. After he had left and I had heard him talk to or original server about the mistake (it&#39;s a very small place and we were seated right by the counter) she came to the table with our menu and an attitude saying that I had marked blah blah and that if I wanted yellow tail that should have written it on the bottom of the page and how I was wrong, she then shoved the paper in my face saying &#34;see you marked this when you should&#39;ve done this&#34; (mind you it wasn&#39;t my handwriting nor my coworkers and she was the one scribbling on our menu) so it took about another half our of waiting before I got the correct roll which was just okay. When we were finally done and went up to pay a different employee took about 15 minutes to split our check (there was only 4 of us and we only ordered one item each except I had ordered edamame for the table.) I definitely wont be coming back. I get misunderstandings happen especially during a busy lunch hour, but when you&#39;re blatantly rude to me in front of people I work with I have to draw the line there.
A group of 6 (4 adults, 2 children) of us came here for dinner before we went to go watch the Nutcracker at the Orpheum Theater. I had looked up sushi places in the area and this one came back with great reviews. After having eaten there, I completely understand why. We got there as soon as they opened and was immediately greeted by the staff and sushi chefs, which is customary of sushi/Japanese restaurants. Having lived in Japan for 9 years, it&#39;s always great to be greeted by the staff in a similar manner. The staff was extremely friendly and answered all our questions. We were met with the same service being the only family there in the beginning and when the restaurant filled up. They make you feel comfortable and you get a sense of pride and that they&#39;re happy you came in. We ordered a handful of rolls; more than what could fit on the small tables. Unlike other restaurants that will just bring you everything and have you sort of figure out spacing, they brought out only a few rolls at a time and were patient in waiting until you&#39;ve eaten what was brought before bringing the next dish. The main chef (who I believe is also one of the owners) came out frequently to check out to see that everyone in the restaurant was doing good and that the food was to their liking. The chefs were also very accommodating to the two children and even asked if could prepare any of the rolls differently for them. Service like that is very appreciated and something you don&#39;t see in a lot of other restaurants. The pricing for the rolls were decent and for the quality of the ingredients used, definitely worth it.If you are going to try any roll, I would recommend the Oh My God Roll. It&#39;s quite the presentation, but the flavor combination is just delicious. Their sashimi is melt in your mouth good.As you leave, all the staff greets you as you leave and the chefs all smile and say goodbye.
This place was a pleasant surprise. I stopped in for lunch because it was close to my office. The purple rice that they use is delicious and the quality of the fish they use is great.  Fresh thick cuts.
Not a big place.  No reservations for lunch but not needed anyway. The Oasis roll was unique wrapped in cucumber.  Very refreshing in a hot city.  Overall a great stop if you are staying in downtown Phoenix.
Again with coworkers and found it on Yelp. This place is mainly sushi with a few dishes like ramen that can be ordered. The most interesting thing about this place is that they use black rice to make the sushi. What I really liked about the rolls was that they do not use a lot of rice so you experience more of the ingredients. Also that they were bite size and not how am I going to put this huge sushi roll in my mouth size.
Once again my fellow; thank you! If it&#39;s been a while since you&#39;ve been downtown make sure to allow yourself extra time to find a place to park and find to this place. All of the one way streets made parking a little tricky. I arrived around 4:30p and asked the hostess if they could prepare for a party of 10. I had four out of ten of us that arrived on time and they said we couldn&#39;t be seated until our entire party arrives. We were all thirsty and started to talk about going somewhere else and that&#39;s when we think the owner said we could sit down. I didn&#39;t think this was a good start. Now moving on to the appetizers, sushi and mochi. We ordered shrimp tempura and the stuffed jalapeños. The shrimp was very fresh and the tempura batter was seasoned well, very light and crispy. The stuffed jalapeños were slightly spicy but the crab filling balanced out the spice perfectly. We tried around five different rolls. The Caterpillar roll, OMG roll, Sex in the city roll, H3 roll, and Las Vegas roll. All of the rolls were seasoned well, tasted fresh and were a perfect size to pop in your mouth. Throughout our entire meal the servers were on point with making sure our table was cleared quickly of dirty plates and refilled our drinks as soon as they noticed we were running low. Oh and the black tea is very good as well. Of course I couldn&#39;t pass on dessert which I loved. I ordered the strawberry and mango mochi. It was the perfect end to a fantastic meal. The restroom is in a strange area; you&#39;ll see what I mean. Lastly, due to the delay to sit down is the only reason I won&#39;t give them 5 stars. Otherwise the drinks and food were absolutely delicious!!!
I ate At this restaurant over the weekend with a few friends. We order a few different rolls, udon noodles, edamame, and dumplings. The food was excellent and the service was great! We will be coming back soon!
Oh my gosh if you don&#39;t know by now I am definitely a foodie! I love going to taste different types of food and this sushi restaurant it wasn&#39;t just good
Been here once. I&#39;ll be back again! Finally tried after been bookmarked for a couple years.. Quick and attentive service. Got the roll they set on fire &#39;&#39;twas really good &amp; decorative! Did not disappoint. PURPLE RIIICE
Food: We got salmon belly cuts for the nigiri as a special treat from the chef, and it glorious. It melted in my mouth. Probably the best salmon nigiri I&#39;ve ever had. In addition to the nigiris, we go three other rolls. they were good, but the spicy mayo sauce kind of over powered the all the other flavors. Despite the over powering sauce I was able to taste the seaweed paper, so that was uncommon from my experiences at other restaurants.Service: The service was good, but they seem disorganized. After we order the food. the chef kept coming to our table to check what has been delivered, and this happened 2-3 times (we ordered 4 things). We did come an hour before closing though, so that may be why.Overall it was a very good experience. Definitely will come back again once I save up enough change for the parking meters.
Not that great. The tuna sashimi came out a bit warm which was concerning, the restaurant itself is a bit on the warmer side, the sushi is ok and the last 2 times I&#39;ve been there they have sat us at the last table in the back right next to the storage/supply boxes. There were clearly many open tables both nights and this really shouldn&#39;t even be considered a table. Overall, I wouldn&#39;t waste my date night here again.
went to eat there on lunch break and it was amazing! i always order the las vegas roll at any sushi place i go and this was hands down the best i&#39;ve had yet! fish was fresh and service was great :)
My new favorite sushi spot! Apparently I&#39;ve been eating fake wasabi this whole time until I came here. If you want a stronger, fresher wasabi give it a shot. The fish are colorful and fresh and the purple rice complements the fish beautifully. The Oh My God Roll is a spectacle to behold and deliciously charred. A must try!
I was surprised but delighted to find some of the best sushi I&#39;ve had in a while here in Phoenix (Yelp delivers once again!). Some friends and I were in town for a conference downtown and this was just a short walk from our hotel. The wait on a busy Friday night was only 15 minutes or so, and service was impeccable. The owner stops by to say hi to every table and even sang happy birthday to one guest. Now for the food - we were starving and all of our food came out remarkably fast once we had ordered. The combos are incredible deals! For $15, you can choose 3 mini-rolls (about 5 pieces each) out of several select signature rolls - if you&#39;re like me and want to try a bit of everything, this is perfect. I got the crazy, rainbow, and spider rolls, and all of them were amazing. The fish (especially salmon) was extremely fresh and together it was very flavorful and filling. They also had roll + 5 nigri or 6 sashimi combos for $15-$16, which 2 of my friends got and also really enjoyed. Would definitely come back and try some of their other delicious-looking rolls!
For date night, we decided to try Harumi before the ballet in downtown. We were seated right in front of the sushi bar and right in front of the owner Juno, who quickly became our new best friend. We ordered sake, the Omakase (Chef&#39;s Choice), blue fin plate and Cali roll. The chef&#39;s choice had salmon nigiri, spicy salmon wrapped in pretty thin slices of avocado, toro, squid, octopus salad, it was all wonderful and beautiful!! Juno handed us a yellowtail sample that was light and citrusy that was on the house because he said I was too pretty. I shall take all the compliments and yummy sushi I can get! The blue fin plate even had little flecks of gold. Our server was very helpful and had nice recommendations which we appreciated as this was our first time aft the restaurant. Juno checked on us a few times and was kind, asking us what we were up to this weekend. He&#39;s playful with his staff and greets and thanks all the customers that walk in. He was at the right level of in your face customer service. Great date night, we highly recommend this place. Looking forward to our next visit.
I already had my favorite sushi joint pegged, but one taste of a roll at this restaurant and I knew I had a new favorite. The rolls are absolutely delicious: fresh and flavorful. The sushi chefs are so friendly and came to check on how we were enjoying things (always appreciated), and our waitress was so sweet and attentive. I will be back, not only for myself, but to share a piece of heaven with my family and friends.
Came here for lunch one day with a GF from work. Not a huge menu, but the service was good and incredibly fast. It worked out great for a workday lunch. I&#39;d definitely come back.
My friend and I came here after reading reviews on yelp, and we&#39;re glad we did. Since I&#39;m a NY native, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the sushi, which were consistent with what I was used to.We both had the omakase ($35/person). A lot of pieces for the price. The owner even came to greet us and gave us an extra dish and there was complimentary mochi ice cream afterwards.The restaurant has many 2-4 people tables; so it&#39;s not exactly a place to go to with a large party but it can with a reservation.I would definitely go eat at Harumi again. The place is clean; it doesn&#39;t have much of a cool-looking decor, nothing fancy, but the food and service are quite good.
Best sushi EVER! And I&#39;m from California,  I&#39;ve tasted so many different types of rolls from different states and several different places here and I can say I&#39;m extremely happy to finally have found the best sushi place ever.  They are so unique and original,  I&#39;ve tried everything on their menu and my favorite is the OMG roll,  we always get it when we visit.  Great staff and just wonderful everything! I love this place!
I heard this place was great and the sushi was VERY fresh so I had to check it out with my sushi loving gf. The soda machine was out when I visited so that was a bummer but I gotta say the food came out SUPER FAST, the service was exceptional as well and the sushi was nicely presented, fresh, and very delicious! I love the black rice which is known for it&#39;s super antioxidant properties. For anyone that concerns please note the color will throw you off more than the taste, it tastes just like white or brown rice. I noticed they work very much as a team and help each other out which was wonderful because we did not have dirty plates sitting on our table for long (huge pet peeve of mine) and something I notice since for many years I worked in the restaurant industry. I&#39;d totally go back and am still daydreaming a little about some of the rolls I had.
Guilt free dining experience as they use forbidden rice (aka purple or black rice) for their sushi. Very fresh-tasting sashimi. They also serve real wasabi for an extra $2 or so, but it is completely worth every penny.
Melt-in-your-mouth tuna, salmon, and yellowtail sashimi is what I come here for. A smallish place thats good for casual dining/sakebombing parties with a large selection of sushi for take out. The owner Juno will leave you with your sides split and a smily warming your face. The waitstaff here are superb as well. Although they can be a bit pushy, you can tell that the owners&#39; hearts are devoted to quality food.
Wow! As someone who doesn&#39;t eat sushi at all, I had very low expectations for Harumi Sushi, even though I had heard lots of good things. From the first bite to the last bite, I was in sushi heaven! Cannot wait to go back for more!!We arrived earlier in the evening on a Friday and snagged a parking spot across the street. It was actually pretty busy considering how early it was, but we were greeted immediately &amp; seated towards the back. I would ask for a table closer to the front next time (the restaurant is very small but there seemed to be a lot of staff traffic in the back). Considering how good the sushi was, I&#39;m sure it gets super busy, so I recommend going during off-hours.Anyways, the sushi itself was amazing! I ordered the Las Vegas Roll and my fiancé got the Mini Roll Combo with three different rolls. I can&#39;t remember all the ones we picked for the combo but I do remember the Super Crunch Shrimp! It wasn&#39;t a traditional sushi roll, but I liked it because I&#39;m a fan of shrimp! My favorite thing we got was the Las Vegas Roll but I was glad that we got to try four different items in one visit. Each option we had was unique and everything seemed really fresh.The service was also good; all the waitresses were helping all tables, so if we needed anything, we just grabbed someone who was walking by. We will definitely be back &amp; would recommend this restaurants to others.
The sushi was great! I totally recommend the bluefin toro! I had the omakase, sever suggestion, and mentioned that I like toro and got a lot of it! My favorite are the seared pieces! My only advice is, to make sure you really like sushi! The fish pieces are quite big and if you are the person that is ok but doesn&#39;t love it, you will be in trouble!
I freaking love sushi. And this place has never disappointed me. Their sushi comes with purple rice and it is so good! Quick service and superior food. Come by if you want great sushi!! Today I&#39;ll habe the ahi tuna tower lunch special. Comes with miso soup, a mini ahi tower, 2 jalepeno poppers, and 3 pieces of sashimi for $15.
Went here tonight for dinner and it was good but can&#39;t say I was blown away or amazed. The Las Vegas roll and Crunch Crab roll were amazing! Ahi Tower was also awesome except it was kinda messy. Spicy Scallop roll and Crazy roll was eh and the Spider roll was good but can use a tad more flavor. Gyoza dumplings are usually yummy and a good starter. Overall it was pretty good.
Sorrrryyyy to be a hater but I seriously do not get the hype.  Is it just the purple rice????I&#39;ve been here twice and have been underwhelmed each time.  This last time I got the Oasis Roll and it was such a mistake!  The cucumber was just falling off the roll.  Plus, it had SO MUCH imitation crab in it that I couldn&#39;t taste any of the fish.  I&#39;m guessing this place is pretty popular because there isn&#39;t a lot of choices for sushi downtown.  If you have a spot you like in your neighborhood, this probably isn&#39;t a trek you want to make.
This is probably more appropriate for a &#34;TIP&#34; but I couldn&#39;t figure out how to write one on my desktop.  Anyway, I saw a sign that they are no longer going to serve lunch bento boxes and that it will just be the full service menu at lunch.  Also, they now offer daily specials!  When I went, they had a blue fin tuna special.
I have been here 3 times so far, and all 3 times have been absolutely delicious... and best sushi I have had in Phoenix by far. If you check-in, you get free Edamame and Miso Soup, which isn&#39;t too shabby. The edamame is very warm when it comes out, but they may add a wee bit too much extra salt on them for seasoning. Miso soup is standard. The beauty of this place is in their unique and elaborately designed rolls. My favorite is easily the Oasis roll, which has a refreshing vinegar-cucumber wrap (opposed to the typical seaweed wrap) around more refreshing crab and salady-goodness. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water and want to go back again soon. Their traditional rolls are even special because of its use of purple rice. The rice is soft and delicious and just fascinating to eat. H3 rolls, Las Vegas Roll, Dynamite Rolls... some mango roll... all so flavorful. The salmon nigiri..is just. so. good, too... I don&#39;t know how they make it seem like it&#39;s fresh because Phoenix definitely isn&#39;t close to any waters.... But the presentation is so clean and the amount of ginger used to speckle the top is perfection.The waitress is also awesome. She is so hyped up with energy somehow and pleasantly nice. Very good demeanor even when it&#39;s busy and she is scurrying around everywhere. The only odd part is the bathrooms are out the back door... and through more back doors. I saved this place to be my 100th Yelp review. :)
The first time we came to Harumi, I passed the tables and saw something with tin foil on it. When the waitress came to take our order, I pointed to the tin foil. She nodded and smiled widely, and I was excited to see what the big fuss was about.Our waitress came back, and the tin foil was on fire. Yeah, fire. Wait, one more time in case that didn&#39;t come across, fire.She moved the tin foil around, playing with the fire, and after a few seconds was able to open it.I popped one of the sushi pieces into my mouth (is it still sushi if it&#39;s cooked?), and went &#34;Oh my God.....&#34;Hence the name, O.M.G. sushi. Can I describe how the outer flavored meshed together with the inner spices? Crab, eel, and shrimp, all my favorite things in one roll. That was my experience my first time at Harumi, and I have come back repeatedly since. Part of me hates reviewing this place because we come here so often and I don&#39;t want anyone else to come here because it&#39;s already a popular place, but Harumi deserves so much praise. It&#39;s one of our favorite date night spots because the service and food is amazing.  The staff is so friendly and sweet, and when we order sashimi we always receive huge chunks of fresh fish. The sushi is wrapped in purple rice, also known as Emperor&#39;s rice, because it used to be forbidden to all except royalty since the rice is super healthy, and that&#39;s just what they use for their regular rolls! If that were not enough, you can also order a Mini Roll Combo, where you can choose up to three different kinds of sushi to try! It&#39;s a great way to sample a few, and trust me they are all delicious, including the Phoenix, the Dragon, and the Las Vegas Roll. So at the risk of blowing up an already blown up date spot, go to Harumi, I&#39;ll probably already be there stuffing my face with their delicious sushi.
At first, I thought it would be a regular restaurant, but it turned out to be quite different from what I expected. First, you have a display where you can pick out any sushi rolls you want, or choose from a list to have them make it fresh. (I recommend you order from the rolls on the list). We ordered the Ahi Tower (included is a picture of our half-eaten Ahi Tower). It was savory and spicy and delicious, possibly one of the best I&#39;ve had. I was pleasantly surprised that they used black rice instead of white rice, since I&#39;ve heard black rice is much healthier. Then, there is a section that kinda reminds me of Subway - you get to pick what goes in your bento box. I had a spicy chicken bento (only $7) with fried rice, vegetables, tofu, salad, tempura, and something I&#39;m not sure how to describe - similar to a Korean side dish. It&#39;s a very casual and small little place, and really good for working people who need to grab something to go. The lemonade I got from the soda machine had a bad aftertaste, but I dumped it out and got the unsweetened tea instead, which tasted much better. Also, I recommend you check-in to receive the free edamame and miso soup :)
Delicious sushi!! I came here with a group and was able to try the Chirashi, sashimi appetizer and the oasis roll + 6 piece sashimi combo. Everything was decently priced, and I was surprised that the roll combo with sashimi came out to only $16, when normally that much sashimi alone is that price. They were also thick slices of fish and came with some fresh wasabi on top. The Chirashi came with their famous black rice and it was yummy and sort of tasted like brown rice to me. Supposedly it&#39;s better for you and is filled with loads of antioxidants! For those less adventurous, sorry but they actually don&#39;t serve white rice at all! The Chirashi also came with the larger fish eggs which I thought were way too salty and ended up removing them. Overall, their servings were large, decently priced and delicious. Only downside is the parking and you&#39;ll have to park at a meter, but that&#39;s Phoenix for you!
The (?) owner was so awesome. Got the birthday girl free stuff, and always checking up, cracking jokes. The sushi is well priced, and unique - they use &#34;black rice&#34; Everything tasty and in the heart of down town. Will be going again and again when wanting sushi downtown.
Awesome and my favorite place in Phoenix to eat sushi. The prices are just like any other sushi place which will run from 9&amp; up in each roll. The staff &amp; chefs are amazing! Great service and great food.
Great tasting sushi! Love the black rice mix they use for their sushi rice. Service was freaky fast (fastest I&#39;ve seen in ages) even though the dining space was packed. I&#39;m only taking away a star for the lack of ambiance and the very plain  and boring udon my friend ordered. This place is essentially all sushi, but they do it well. The service was also super super friendly. Plenty of greetings and smiles.  The owner or manager also makes it a point to come visit every table and ask how your meal was. Overall an excellent dining experience!
Stopped by for lunch when I was on a business trip to Phoenix. Food was tasty, portions were HUGE!! Prices very fair. The restaurant can get a bit crowded during lunch time, and that can cause some delay in getting your order, especially if you have a larger group (3 or more) and order a lot of food. I would definately recommend Harumi Sushi!
OMG The OMG Roll!! Delightful presentation, and something different than you will find at any other sushi place. It&#39;s a small space, but a pretty solid food find in downtown PHX.
I was in the area running some errands and was craving some salmon sashimi and shrimp tempura for lunch!You order food at the register before sitting down. They have some pretty good lunch specials. I got 8 pieces of salmon sashimi and a tempura bento box which came out to around ~$22 which is fairly priced. The bento box comes with rice, salad, and your choice of bento entree. They are pretty generous with the portions. The salmon was get fresh and delicious. I definitely got my omega3 intake for the day!! The food was good, but I had to keep asking them for chopsticks, soy sauce dish, and tempura dipping sauce. Other than that, the staff was very friendly and polite. It was a decent escape for lunch!
After seeing all the pictures and reviews, we decided to give this place a try. Since this place is in downtown Phoenix, it was difficult to find parking on a Saturday night. The restaurant is a little hidden, but we were able to find it.The place was pretty busy when we went in, but we were instantly greeted. We started off with the Oh my god roll because it simply sounded good, and OH MY GOD, IT WAS AWESOME!It came super quick, wrapped in aluminum foil that was on fire. It looked super good, and tasted amazing. It had a kick to it, and mmmm I could eat another one right now.After that, we ordered the H3 Roll. It was a lot spicier, still good, but definitely not as good as the first one. Maybe we were just hungry, or we were surprised by the fact that the sushi came on fire. But man, I would definitely go back again!
Was in town and craving sushi so looked on Yelp and this place was very highly reviewed.  It&#39;s a very unassuming place so when we walked in, didn&#39;t think it would be too special, especially bc reading through the menu, all the rolls seemed to have crab salad or eel sauce as an ingredient.  DO NOT BE TURNED OFF - everything was SO GOOD!  Dinner for 3 was only $60 before tip, and really good quality.  We ordered:- ahi tuna taco - the best thing we had, order it! Really great flavors!- caterpillar - all the rolls are white and black rice mixed together to make purple rice. Really good texture and flavor!- shrimp tempura - greate shrimp flavor- Cali crunch - really good texture - spicy tuna - I usually love spicy tuna but was not crazy about this- gyoza - really crispy!Really nice service! Definitely must do
A year after discovering this place, i love it even more. Juno (the owner) is the sweetest, and so is everyone that works here. Prices are affirdable and the sushi is Impeccable. My current favorites are the seared salmon nigiri, ahi tower and the omg roll. Harumi also has the best seaweed salad!
Wow, unbelievable. This is a restaurant worth like 2-3 months wait with like $129/pp omakase and would have been if it were in NYC or in a metropolitan city.Except it is spacious and so affordable at $35/pp.The most creative and premium graded omakase.Sashimi appetizer is highly recommended for those who are true fresh sushi lovers.Amazing find that this quality restaurant is situated in downtown Phoenix with a live and casual atmosphere.
Good quality sushi place with cheap prices and decent decor. I went there with a friend for lunch and both of us got the nigiri sushi + crazy roll combo. They have this special purple rice (supposed to be good for your health :)) which makes the rolls slightly more colorful. Their fish portions are good and tasty. Definitely recommended for a quick meal.
Fresh sashimi, tasty rolls with good proportion of ingredients to rice ratio (ie not full of rice).  Very good service!  Would love to be back again.We had the 3 mini rolls combo (dynamite, spider, crazy)  Sashimi and oasis roll specialUnagiSpicy tuna appetizerEverything is good.  I definitely recommend the 3 mini rolls to try out a few different things.
Hands down the best sushi place in Arizona.  We&#39;ve tried our fair share of sushi and nothing compares to the freshness of the sashimi here and the liveliness of the atmosphere.  Location: In DT Phoenix so there&#39;s plenty of entertainment close by.  Price: Can&#39;t beat their prices.. quality sushi and fair.Service: The owner is very fun, friendly, and he remembers faces very well. The workers are all very attentive.Tastes: Uhhhhh-maazing, fresh fish, delicious rolls, variety to choose from..what else can u ask for at a sushi place?To order: Omakase, oasis roll, any kind of your favorite sashimi.  We will guarantee come 2-3 times a month from now on :D
My first time here, I am glad I came to the right place. I had the Oh My God Roll which is their special item, salmon sashimi and combo rolls. All delicious
My favorite go-to sushi place in Phoenix. They use purple rice (or called black rice) that adds color and flavor. I like to take my friends to this place when they visit. Also located in downtown phoenix.
We just moved here frm Chicago so we have high standards of Sushi &amp; food in general.  We chose this place because of the rave reviews...THANK YOU  fellow Yelpers!!!  This place was awesome!  Small place but cute, good ambiance &amp; good service.  The Sushi was phenomen!  We had to try the H3 &amp; OMG rolls due to all the great reviews &amp; videos, they lived up.  After that...we just kept ordering Nigiri &amp; Sashimi until we needed a wheel barrel!  Also, very reasonable prices.  We had a blast, will def go back!
Amazing taste! Every roll we ordered was delicious! Each had it&#39;s own unique taste. The Oh My God roll is my favorite. Service is excellent and the chefs truly know what they are doing.
In town for work and heard raves about this place so I decided to check it out on a weeknight around 8. There was a 20 minute wait but I was able to get seating at the bar as a solo. Based on other reviews and my husbands recommendation, I ordered two of the seared salmon nigiri and also the OMG roll. I have to say both were incredible. Tasty, satisfying, fresh, interesting, and altogether delicious. The seared salmon had a touch of spice which I normally don&#39;t like, but it was beautiful as part of the overall taste. The salmon melts in your mouth. The OMG presentation was cool but the flavor was even better and I loved the combination of the cooked bottom and cool top. Easily the best sushi I&#39;ve ever had. The staff are attentive and friendly. I love that! Only one critical observation - I wish the ambiance was a little cozier. it&#39;s pretty dive-y which is only appropriate  for super casual dining. Still, five stars.
Fantastic service, Chef Juno is a character! We tried the omakase (deal for $35), the squid was incredibly tender and buttery, the bluefin tuna was also soft and flavorful. The seared mackerel was also my favorite, smoky flavor, seared salmon was soft and melt in your mouth.We also ordered scallop nigiri which was one of my favorites, buttery and soft. We ordered seared salmon and seared tuna, both fantastic.The omg roll was a fiery show and also tasty-- great for my dad who wanted something cooked.
generally it is very tasty! We ordered the seaweed salad, vegetable tempura, miso soup, harumi sushi roll, chefs combo including 6 nigiri, sashimi, and oasis roll. We quite like harumi roll which is quite flavorful and a bit of spicy. The vegetable tempura is also very good with the sauce.  The only thing I don&#39;t like that much is the oasis roll. It is rolled by cucumber which is easily get loose and difficult to pick up.
Pretty good sushi! Love that they use their purple rice, so it&#39;s a little more unique than other places. The best thing to get would be the omakase! It&#39;s only $37 per person and comes with a lot. Unfortunately they do not do lunch time so I was a little disappointed, but no biggie. So come at 5 or after! Their rolls are not bad either, I ordered the H3 and spicy scallop. Id say both were like 7/10. I also ordered the seared salmon which was really good! Overall I definitely recommend the omakase if you can get it. I ended up spending $74 for lunch for 2 ppl bc we couldnt get the omakase so we ordered 2 rolls, Chirashi and the nigiri to try to make up for it. Also beware if you ask to add cucumbers to a roll they charge you $1 :( but overall it&#39;s a decent place for sushi! I would come back but for dinner so I could get the omakase instead of rolls LOL.
My friend and I came here for dinner on a Wednesday night. When we arrived, we were seated right away toward the back of the restaurant. Food:I don&#39;t get to see this friend often as she lives in Phoenix (Love you Sydney!), so we may have gone a little overboard with how much we ordered. Edamame - Standard &amp; done wellPhilly Roll - delicious 6 piece sashimi - Fresh &amp; thickly sliced Salmon Nigiri - The salmon was fresh &amp; generous Crispy Stuffed Jalapeño - this was much bigger than I was expecting, but it was so good. It came with 4 pieces, so great to share with a table of 4... or share with 1 other person to get 2 pieces each for some decadence Oasis Roll - this is a no-rice roll with cucumber on the outside with different fishes on the inside. Everything was fresh and delicious, albeit a little hard to pick up with chopsticks. Over The Rainbow Roll - Enjoyed that the jellyfish was put on the side, would recommendCrunchy Mango Roll - Mango was good, roll was flavorful Keep in mind that Harumi uses purple rice for all of their sushi. The purple is natural from ube or purple potatoes. It makes the rice more unique, but it definitely adds to their sushi. Ended with some mochi that was good.Service:The service was lovely today. Everyone was very attentive and kind. We were originally placed at one table and were asked to move when a large party came so they could seat them earlier. We didn&#39;t mind moving at all, as we didn&#39;t get any of our food yet. They were very apologetic though, and they offered us some free mochi for being willing to move. TL;DR - unique sushi with purple rice with nice service
I freaking love love love love this place. I legit take ever single person that ever visits me here in the valley. Been coming for so many years I&#39;ve collected some tips to make your (yes you reading this even thinking about going, read no further, just go, but if you must...) trip even better. -The parking can be tricky. If you are local and can walk I would highly suggest. You&#39;ll likely have to drive around to find a meter. -If you go at busy times expect a wait. It&#39;s a small restaurant and super popular. If you are on Yelp - and if you are reading this you should be - Be sure to use  the waitlist option. You can put your name on the list ahead of time to eliminate waiting at the restaurant. - This location is closed on Sundays! Make sure you get your fix any other day. The food is fresh, the people are great and I love the vibe and energy. Please do yourself a favor and come here.
I was in town for a conference and ended up coming here twice, once for lunch and another night, for dinner. While the lunch special was delicious and affordable, the omakase dinner really was the highlight of that evening! Thrilling and filling and not absurdly expensive! Delectable pieces of toro and shiny ahi. Ebi and hotate...mmmmm! I am never one to choose scallop but man, they were worth writing about! The salmon was seared and sauced, which may have been the only negative of the plate. However, everything was so delicious, that I could barely manage to find fault with the dinner! Everything was served on forbidden rice which made for a nice surprise and a delectable deviation from the norm! I would highly recommend the omakase to the more adventurous eaters in the Yelpsphere!
Came here for lunch one day with a coworker and the sushi is the best I&#39;ve had in town. They use a special purple rice and their fish is as fresh as it can get being in Phoenix. I got the salmon and toro nigiri. One piece of the toro was a little tough but the other was better and the salmon melted. My coworker got a lunch special and got quite a bit of food so definitely worth it to come at lunch! Would definitely come back. I&#39;ve tried coming at night and there was a long wait but not during lunch. Service was very speedy and the food came out super fast.
This place will always be one of my favorites! Always high quality and their rolls are always loaded with goodies. It&#39;s a cute little hole in the wall that isn&#39;t that large so if its busy you may have to wait. The purple rice is also just generally fun to eat.For food and drinks...1) Sparkling Sake - Sweet drinks are my jam. This is right up my alley. A bit pricey for my taste but honestly really loved it plus the classy little glass it came with.2) Salmon Nigiri - Very high quality and generous cut of salmon. Not the absolutely FRESHEST, but definitely very delicious.3) Oh My God roll - MUST TRY! I have to get this roll every time I go, even if I&#39;m only hungry enough for one roll. The sometimes lack luster &#34;Oh My God.....&#34; when they bring it out is my favorite. The roll itself is absolute perfection. The purple rice, little fish eggs on top, and the warmth throughout the roll itself is everything I ever need in a roll.4) Mango roll - Very refreshing contrast to the Oh My God roll. The sauce and crispies on top were also a nice touch.5) Spider roll - Quite delicious and a wonderful recommendation from our server. I loved dipping the roll itself into the crunchies.
Casual downtown joint for good sushi with an interesting specialty: all the sushi rice is purple rice! I like the flavor of the rice and the sushi was delicious. We ordered the omakase for 2 people which was $36 each, pretty good deal for the amount of sushi we got. There was also poke and some sashimi as well. Everything was fresh and the nigiri selection was diverse. They also brushed on fresh wasabi on the nigiri as well and all pieces were perfect to eat without adding additional soy sauce or wasabi. I was really glad to have found this place to satisfy the raw fish itch!
I went to a concert at the Van Buren recently and search for restaurants near that area and, I am so happy we decided to go to Harumi Sushi. The  service was great, the ambiance pretty chill and, the sushi is just AMAZING. I&#39;ll make sure to stop again next time I&#39;m near that area. For sure!!
This place used to be good but not anymore.5 years ago, when I tried this place it was my top 3 sushi place to go but due to the parking lot issue and located far for me, so I didn&#39;t have much chance to go. I came here few times last year and noticed that it was not good as before. Today, I gave one more shot. First of all, visually it does not look good. My nigiri is slides weirdly and cut at the edge.Second, my rolls seems rolled by a kid. It&#39;s not firm.Lastly, I don&#39;t taste the fish. No flavor and don&#39;t know what happened. I am also shocked how this place still has good review but location wise and many non local people visit so it make sense.
The top Nigiri, Roll, Sashimi Restaurant In Downtown Phoenix.  Get there when it opens at 4pm if you don&#39;t want to wait.  Street parking is $1.50 per hour before 8pm.  Affordable fresh fish with colorful brown instead of white rice...Ordered a lot of food since we just finished walking through the Matsuri Festival in Heritage Square and didn&#39;t see sushi meeting our tastes.  Thus ordered:- Oh My God Roll - their flaming signature $13 roll in which Servers want you to say &#34;Oh My God!&#34; with them when they flame up the roll.  Acquired taste for this roll as some like the smokey taste while others will say it tastes like lighter fluid.  Definitely a gimmick for those on a date- flamin&#39; hot, hot, hot.- Unagi Donburi, a $19 mound of Unagi on brown rice with sauce and Avocado.  Around 12 large pieces...  really nice!- Toro Sashimi, four large pieces for $18, fresh, fresh, velvety, velvety.... repeating for emphasis.- Crazy Roll &amp; Nigiri (5 Pieces) Combo - $17, beautifully plated, Tuna, Salmon, Avocado, Masago Wrapped In edible Soy Paper, while the Nigiri were composed of large pieces of salmon and tuna- Spider Roll- $11 which was a Soft Shell Crab Roll, this was ok...And FRESH ground wasabi for $2...A beautiful, fresh fish, feast with excellent service!  Definitely tops in Downtown Phoenix.
Best sushi in Phoenix, hands down! Tiny place, so try to gauge it right to skip the crowd...super tasty and affordable, and great service! It&#39;s located in downtown and there&#39;s street parking. I enjoyed the surrounding location. Definitely would recommend! Their wasabi was super fresh too.
Coming from Bay Area NorCal, I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious their sushi was. Their rolls are HUGE in a good way. Other places will use more rice to bulk up their rolls. Harumi uses more filling (such as the fish/shrimp/veggies) to bulk their rolls. You don&#39;t see that very often! Their purple rice gives the rolls an interesting look. Doesn&#39;t taste significantly different from white rice. Their fish is decent. I recommend the Over the Rainbow and Caterpillar rolls!
We are from southern California where the sushi is very good. The sushi was excellent, tasty and reasonably priced. I would highly recommend Harumi.
Sashimi Appetizer, OMG roll - recommendations* Amazing Sushi in this area.  All sushi roll comes with &#34;black ice&#34; purple rice however you want to call it, great replacement for the brown rice that I prefer.   Got the Sashimi appetizer, OMG roll, seaweed salad plus the real wasabi.  Completely satisfied both with taste and the quantity.  The Sashimi appetizer comes with 12 pieces, and the OMG roll was very tasty.  Must try.  Highly recommend this place.  walked in about 6 pm had a short wait, while we were exiting around 7 there was a pretty long line on a Thursday.
(Simple Minds - Don&#39;t You Forget About Me)Won&#39;t you come see about me?I&#39;ll be alone, Yelping you know it babyShow me your sushi and rollsGiving me everything inside and out andRice&#39;s strange so real and it&#39;s darkThink of the tender things that they&#39;re are rolling upDowntown may pull us apartBut when the food gets into your heart, BoBitesDon&#39;t you forget HarumiDon&#39;t Don&#39;t Don&#39;t Don&#39;tDon&#39;t you forget HarumiI&#39;ve heard a lot about this place and finally made my way DT to give it a try.  I was not disappointed.  Now I did go to their sister restaurant, Kodo, in Scottsdale so I was definitely well prepared to expect greatness.Harumi and small sushi joint in the heart of DT.  I came after I was released during jury duty so I took advantage of my free parking pass!  To start I ordered their lunch special, Ahi Tower, Nigiri, and Stuffed Jalapeno.  The Nigiri here is well portioned and wrapped around the rice like a blanket; the fish itself was like butter and temperature was warm to the palates.  The Stuffed Jalapeno was different for me since I thought it, but it definitely had the texture I was shooting for with crispy cover and fresh tuna bite along with imitation crab.  It was drizzled with chipotle mustard giving it a spicy kick.  As for the Ahi Tower, it was a mound of their signature purple rice along with Ahi Tuna and topped with Tobiko and imitation crab.  This took me a while to eat, but it was definitely worth your while if you&#39;re into quantity.  I barely finished it off myself, but had to suck up my big boy appetite to finish it off!In the end, Harumi like their sister restaurant definitely has a formula for solid sushi in the valley.  Its signature purple rice is a solid start, but how they roll and serve up some raw delight is well received! - Enjoy!
Came here after a loooong day at a convention, craving sushi and quick service.  Well, I wasn&#39;t disappointed!  I ordered the mini roll combo and my friend got the udon noodles.  The mini roll combo was a lot of food for a good price.  I got the spider roll, the rainbow roll, and the crazy roll.  Let me tell you - they don&#39;t skimp on the avocado!  Each roll was really big and full of fresh fish.  The purple rice was something new that I haven&#39;t seen before, it tasted delicious and was a nice touch of something different.  The udon noodles were tasty, I tried a few bites.  My friend thought the broth was a bit too salty, though. Everything came out really quickly, which was good considering how hungry I was.  The service was also very speedy, and our waiter checked in on us fairly often.  Would definitely recommend this place!
Easily the best sushi I&#39;ve ever had in Phoenix.Everything was super fresh and super good.  I had the spicy tuna rolls and it was the best spicy tuna roll I&#39;ve ever had anywhere. My friends had some sashimi and  salads and they were really happy.  The service was absolutely awesome. The server was polite well dressed very professional and knew exactly how to help in every way. I would recommend this sushi spot to everyone because it&#39;s just so darn good.
Came here on a Friday evening. The place was pretty packed. I was told there was a 20-minute wait and was surprised when they called us 5 minutes later. FOODI enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered:1. Miso soup --$1.502. Oasis Roll + 6 Sashimi -- $173. Rainbow Roll -- $114. Over the Rainbow -- $15 would skip this if you&#39;re on the fence 5. Omakase -- $36 dinner onlySERVICEThe ordering process was quick and our food came out at different times, but it was prompt. Water was decent, but unfortunately, the waiter never returned to fill up our empty glass. One waitress was silly and as I was leaving, she said &#34;see you tomorrow!&#34; In reference to the amount of food I had ordered and photos I took.ATMOSPHEREWe were seated towards the back, where there were some Christmas lights hanging on the side of the empty part of the wall, usually used to keep plants. It looked a bit tacky, but whatever, I&#39;m here for the food. The place was a bit snug, and the lighting wasn&#39;t the best, so it was tough to get any nice foodie photos. PARKINGLocated downtown, the only options are parking lots or meter street parking. You either want to have a handful of change or you will need to install the app on your phone. From what I remember, I think its $0.25 for 10 mins. We didn&#39;t need more than 1-1.5 hrs.
One of my favorite sushi places! The purple rice tastes like white rice so don&#39;t let that scare you away! But it looks way cooler. I don&#39;t go here that often only because parking downtown is always a pain. But the fish is fresh and the service is fast! The restaurant is pretty small though so it&#39;s not good if you have a big group. The lunch specials are a great deal! Definitely check it out if you haven&#39;t already!
I have been going to this location for so many times and have been recommending this place or Kodo (owned by the same owner) to so many people and they all love it. I normally rate sushi restaurants based on three criteria: quality, price, quantity. The service is not something I care about too much unless it is unbearable whenever I go to restaurant. This place seems to have the highest ratings among all criteria comparing to other restaurants. Sure there are better quality fish restaurants or more authentic but the price is normally high. I find this place have the best quality and quantity for the money you spend. I would recommend getting the salmon sashimi/nigiri, smoked salmon nigiri, eel bowl if you want to just have something filling, and the best would be toro nigiri (it is so cheap comparing to other places). This location has a more small/local/downtown feeling as it is quite small, parking is in the back. If you want a more upscale atmosphere, go to Kodo instead. They are all pretty consistent in their quality between different locations.I have had time when I got extra sashimi/nigiri on the house from this location and random samples from the kodo location.
With all the positive reviews, really excited to try this place out. But at the same time, a little risky when you ask for fresh sushi when we live in the desert. All I have to say, Its was a mistake, service was great otherwise.
This is my favorite place to go to on date nights, the sushi is delicious and the mango Japanese cream soda is my favorite! I recommend this place to everyone I meet!
First thing I had from this joint was the Ahi Tower. Very similar to a poke bowl, very good and full of flavor. First time having purple rice and I thought it taste great. I am very happy with the flavors and I can&#39;t wait to have another go at the menu
Not a fan at all of this place! Sushi did not taste fresh at all, rice was old and both orders did not have ingredients in appropriate proportions. Did not like any of the flavors and didn&#39;t finish both orders. Would not be coming here again. Customer service was horrible too. Felt very rushed the entire time.
Delicious. Fast. Wonderful lighting nestled in downtown Phoenix. There&#39;s not a whole lot to say except it&#39;s just a good place to eat. Their lunch specials are quite fair. Halves of two different rolls, gyoza, and miso soup. Super filling!
Being in downtown Phoenix for the very first time, I opened my Yelp app as usual, to look for a place to eat at. As I felt like some Asian food, this sushi restaurant Harumi Sushi caught my eye with very high average rating out of more than 1000 reviews.Besides, it was within a short walking distance from where I am staying.The restaurant name &#34;Harumi&#34; sounded so authentic Japanese but the truth was on the contrary. The menu was just the black and white regular small piece of paper you often see at a Japanese restaurant to order sushi. I was leaning towards &#34;Chirashi&#34;, but decided to go for &#34;Omakase&#34;. It was 12 pieces of mostly Korean style nigiri, combination wise and rice wise and 4-5 small but thick slices of medium fatty tuna.Honestly speaking, I thought the price $35 was  a little too much to ask for for the food.The person who brought the dish to me did explain what the 12 nigiris (6 kinds) were, and the first two nigiris were explained to me as sea urchin. But it was actually salmon with creamy mayo sauce.Anyhow, as a true Japanese sushi lover, Harumi tasted so foreign to me.
The lunch special is the best! Best deal I&#39;ve ever seen. Lots of food for a great price. I think it&#39;s only during weekdays though. Authentic Japanese restaurant with a Japanese staff.Got the number one lunch special- which had 5 California roll, 5 shrimp tempura roll, 3 dumplings, and miso soup. All for 8 dollars! If I worked around here, I would be here once a week! Was so tempted to eat here again, but that would have been too much food. Good problem to have!
I picked up a quick pre-workout sushi roll and ordered the Las Vegas roll. It was absolutely delicious! The restaurant seemed a little crowded, but staff were friendly. I would come here again.
Should you try this place? Yes, Yes and Yes!! There is a reason for the excellent reviews. The rolls are very similar to most places but each have a unique spin on them. The purple rice is fun and the bill at the end doesn&#39;t make you flinch. I loved the salmon sashimi with the wasabi sauce on them. They had the perfect kick. The oasis roll was super refreshing. I was not a big fan of the ahi tower since it was just lots of rice and spicy tuna mostly and I find the rolls and sashimi much better. The edamame is a very small portion. So order two! The service is very fast. I blinked and here was our food... fantastic since I was starving. The rolls are enormous but so good you&#39;ll eat double. Come here hungry for sure!
Best sushi in town . Server is so fun. They gave us free desert. We didn&#39;t wait that much, and they update us  even though they was so busy. We have been coming here for years and they have never let us down.
This is my favorite Sushi restaurant in this area. Not only the quality but also the portion of food are really nice. I came here for my girlfriend&#39;s birthday dinner. They treated us really friendly and comfortable. I came here exactly 6 month ago and they still remember that we were here exactly 6 month ago! They care about customers and they always have good service and food. I definitely recommend this place even if you guys live far away from downtown Phoenix. Harumi is the best!!!!
I went here because of the reviews and it was pretty close to my hotel.  I came after work at about 4pm. There were maybe two other tables seated at the time.  I was greeted immediately and told I could sit anywhere - just sat at the bar.  You fill out a little paper with your order - kind of like ayce places but... it&#39;s not ayce lol. Once I filled out my paper a server got to me pretty quickly.  I ordered the omakase for dinner which consisted of 12 pieces of nigiri and!!! 4 toro sashimi!! For the price of 37 (not including tax and tip) and for how fresh and delicious the sushi was, this is definitely a steal.  They also set themselves a part by using purple rice. I can&#39;t say I really noticed a nutty flavor like others pointed out, just that it felt softer than normal sushi rice, but it was perfectly cooked and the ratio of fish to rice was just right for me. 11/10 would come back if I were in town again
I&#39;ve been to alot of sushi  restaurants but this place stands out different from all the others because they prepare the sea food in a unique way which makes your meal experience more enthusiastic and adventurous . Instead of using the typical white sticky rice on the rolls they use a much healthier black rice that looks purple lol at first I thought they added food coloring to the rice . They offer the real authentic wasabbi chopped in tiny piece rather than the fake wasabbi paste that most sushi places offer. I  the idea of the burning sushi roll. Well I like this place we look forward to stopping by again in the future.
Wow.  We just came here for the first time for take out.  We ordered the OMG roll, Nemo roll and Dynamite roll.  Soooo delicious.  Best sushi we&#39;ve had in a long time.  Don&#39;t hesitate.  Just do it!
I first read about Harumi two years ago and loved the pictures with all of the purple rice. Over 2 years later, I finally made a trip and it did not disappoint. The fish is relatively fresh compared to other sushi places you go to. I like Sushi Ken and Hana in the Phoenix area and I would say this place is comparable. The restaurant seating is limited so make sure you very there a little early if you don&#39;t want to wait. Service was nice. We ordered the rainbow roll (my personal favorite) with the purple rice and the omakase (see pictures). The purple rice doesn&#39;t taste any different, but since purple is my favorite color, it made my food my interesting to eat, lol! I also felt the prices were reasonable for quality of the fish we got. There a huge selection of rolls. I didn&#39;t really spend the time looking through all of the options but considering that I would go back, I can always look at the menu in more detail next time!
Great place to dine for the night, especially when looking for good quality sushi! Don&#39;t think I would go anywhere else.
Great Sushi place. Staff were friendly. The price is very reasonable regarding how big the plate is. Would go back again. Highly recommended!
What a hidden gem! I didn&#39;t expect this quality and taste at a downtown restaurant which usually serves lunch for people who work around there. Both sashimi appetizer and chirashi had big cut sashimi pieces and tasted great! We also had Oh My God roll and it was perfect from presentation to taste. 25 mins waiting was nothing. Definitely will come back.
One of my favorite sushi places in the valley. There&#39;s smoke salmon sushi is amazing. I&#39;ve honestly have never had anything bad here. Enjoy!
My bf and I are only in town for the weekend and we found this gem.  I must say the customer service here was excellent.  The owner of the restaurant was hilarious and very attentive.  The staff was also very friendly!  On top of that the food was superb!! They have omakase for $35.  It&#39;s not the traditional omakase where they serve you each sushi one at a time.  It comes all at once on a platter.  Every piece was fresh and delightful!  What&#39;s unique about the sushi here is the black rice.  It&#39;s healthier and did not take away from the texture or taste!  I&#39;m just blown away!!! We also ordered the blue fin combo (melts in your mouth). We also got to try what real wasabi tasted like.  Overall one of the best restaurant experience ever.  Brought me back to when I was in Japan. Last but not least the mochi was the cherry  on top! Wished they were located in NYC!
What an amazing experience! Went in for a solo dining experience and Juno sexy (the sushi chef) made sure to take extra good care of me- even giving me extra sushi and free ice cream at the end :) but better yet, got to learn about his experience of how he became a sushi chef and his past musician life before that! Such great sushi and service all around. I don&#39;t often leave good yelp reviews but this was super well deserved!
My lady and I were going to a concert Wednesday night at the van Buren and she got downtown before me.. we don&#39;t know the area so yelped and found this place and she got there before me I told her to go in since she was already hungry and she got there and said place was pretty empty...when I got there she told me how when she checked in she asked if we could sit in a booth she doesn&#39;t like to sit on the small chairs as she explained but they gave her a hard time and finally sat her in a both.. grantee it is not a big place..she then did took a while to get asked for any starters.. I came in to a semi packed place saw my lady sat down and she explained..I was greeted by staff asked for drink..I asked my lady what the specials where and she said she didn&#39;t know wasn&#39;t told, I asked her the name of the roll she ordered a Phoenix which on paper looks great what we got was not...I live sushi and for a guy in Phoenix that is rare and even I thought it was bad when I ate it like they touched it to long or something..my lady was very uncomfortable so I asked for the tab and we left...will not be going back
I&#39;ve been here a few times now but every experience I&#39;ve had has been excellent. The service is fast and friendly but not bothersome. They really understand that as diners we are trying to enjoy the food without too much interruption. The menu is not too expansive but the few things they have are done quite well.I like to start off with yellowtail sashimi. With 8 pieces costing $12 it&#39;s a pretty good deal. Additionally the fish was a nice temperature and tasted fresh and tender. Each roll that I&#39;ve tried has also been a delight. First off the Oh My God roll has a smokey eel flavor that is not overwhelming but compliments the rest of the ingredients well. The H3 has a spicy kick that most japanese restaurants don&#39;t have, it might be a korean thing. The caterpillar roll is melt in your mouth from the fresh avocado to the eel. I&#39;ve had the chance to try the mango crunch roll which has a sweetness to it mostly from eel sauce, the mango I found was a bit tart and made the roll a delightfully light flavor. The oasis is covered with cucumber instead of their signature purple rice, it&#39;s cooling and refreshing for summer, but I&#39;m not a huge fan of that much tuna. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone that has a standard for raw fish.
Location: its located in the middle of downtown area. Lots of booths and sitting areas. Service: You basically purchase your items at the cashier and eat in if you&#39;d like or you can take it to go. Staffs are friendly and they are super busy during lunch hour. Food: all sushi items came with brown rice. Its unique and delicious. I got the 5 pieces combo + a soda + tips = $22. Its a bit pricey but reasonable for downtown area. Rating: I&#39;ll come back here again to try other item.
Purple rice sushi very interesting.. Very tasty, and dishes came out super quick. Service was nice.
My friend recommended me this place so i came last week and i came back today! Everyone is very nice here and sushi is great. Purple rice is so clean and very pretty im definitely coming back here! I recommend for you to get OMG roll! And the owner is very friendly and actually communicates with his customers by making sure they are enjoying their time. Great place for both a date and a night out with friends.
Sashimi is kinda flavorless, but their cooked rolls are good, especially with the purple rice! I also liked the oasis roll as a low carb option - it&#39;s like crab salad, chunks of tuna, avocado wrapped in cucumber and topped with a soy glaze and spicy mayo. Check in and you&#39;ll also get free edamame and miso soup!
Loved this place! Make sure to try the OMG roll! The portions were great and can&#39;t beat the pricing! Will be coming back here again for sure! The owner was super friendly and welcoming as well as his staff!
My wife and I were surprised when we ordered the OH MY GOD sushi roll. The waiter had it wrapped in foil and had blue flames lit on the plate for unwrapping! Great presentation and absolutely delicious flavor combination.
Ichiza is an authentic izakaya restaurant, Japanese style tapas and skewered goodies! The food is delicious, and it is fairly priced. New menu items are always added on the walls, which is pretty cool. Their Cod fish is simply one of my favs, very buttery and it just melts in ur mouth. Another must order would be their roasted ginkgo nuts! I would order at least 4 skewers for myself. Their carpaccio is bomb, as well as their grilled squid! They open late night and there&#39;s always a wait, however the staff are on it, so it&#39;s pretty quick. I also like their cozy atmosphere and it feels like ur in Japan when ur inside. In the end, their honey toast is hands down the best in vegas! Perfect!
This is definitely a place for cheap good eats in Vegas. They are open late (until 4AM). They do accept reservations, but if you&#39;re walking in as a couple they will most-likely seat you at the bar if it&#39;s busy. This place definitely gives you the Japanese restaurant authentic feel, and well, it is. The menu is filled with Japanese food items even delicacies (for example octopus and wasabi which is a raw slimy dish of octopus legs + wasabi) They have the regular menu and they also have additional items written up on paper with pictures of the items and these are posted against the wall. It&#39;s soo hard to choose something from the wall because THEY ALL LOOK SO GOOD!! (amirite frequent flyers?) I recommend getting the tuna tar tar. You get about 6 pieces of fresh raw tuna and some seasoning with avocado on flaky little squares of heaven. It&#39;s delicious. I normally get the mackerel fish here (they give you the whole fish) for only $4.95. and the deep friend ika rings - squid rings like calamari but much better quality and thicker pieces. They give you a side of the oyster sauce which makes a much better pair than regular red calamari sauce. Seriously, you should try it :) I recommend this place for a casual dinner or late night snack + drinks.
We had the honey toast and it was just okay.  Something different but nothing special.  They burnt ours a little and for 8 bucks....I can probably make my own.  They do have a very expansive menu all over their walls.  I think I spent the whole time there staring at the walls trying to see what they have.  Service was good and they were busy.  I might have to go back and try the other food to see if they warrant more stars like the other patrons have given them.
Ichiza is an amazing place !  The food here is excellent !  It also reminds me of many good Japanese pubs in Japan. We love to try many small dishes here, and never be disappointed.  Pick any dish posted on the wall, they are all delicious. Among my favorites are :-  seaweed with shrimp salad-  ikura and salmon salad-  eel kakiage tempura roll-  stir fry pork wirh kimchi-  deep fried rock fish with mushroom creamy sauce All are very very yummy !  Don&#39;t forget honey toast for dessert.
This is definitely one of the late night places I love go to after a long night of shenanigans.  Expect it to be packed, especially if you&#39;re coming in for dinner or even way past dinner.  They&#39;re usually open until 3am(?).  Here are some favorites:-Seafood quesadilla (you can ask for half orders)-Black Cod-Tofu Steak-Tuna Tartar -Kimchi Fried Rice-Honey ToastThis is the perfect place to come with friends to chuck down some beers and sake, and eat some delectable treats.
Essentially everything is good here. I love to just walk around the restaurant when I get there and point at some of the signs on the wall when I order.  It&#39;s a great place to try new dishes. Ignore the tiny printed menu they hand you.  Try some new way of preparing your favorite fish. You may not be able to read everything on the signs but you can at least recognize the name of your favorite fish. The prices are very reasonable as well for the type of cuisine you&#39;re buying.  I just wish the place were open for lunch.  If you like fresh fish and are open to trying new dishes, ie. going beyond the usual sticky sweet rolls, this is the place for you.  And the excellent sake and beer selection don&#39;t hurt either.
Great Japanese food and environment. Always busy so make sure to make a reservation and have the honey toast for dessert!
This little sushi nook located in Chinatown on Spring Mountain is an absolute gem. When I used to live in Las Vegas, this was always the spot to go to for awesome sushi and great little japanese entrees. The prices are reasonable and also a good place to unwind and gulp down a tall glass/pitcher of Kirin. They usually open at 5 in the afternoon, so don&#39;t anticipate on getting a mid-day sake bomb at this place, I know it&#39;s vegas but GEEZ!
Ichiza is among my top 3 favourite japanese restaurants in Vegas. It&#39;s reasonably priced with efficient service, beautifully decorated to look like an authentic izakaya straight from Japan. Before the management had to shut down the restaurant for a few months from health code violations (or so I heard), I only visited the place once with some friends and ordered their rice bowl and mochi. It was absolutely delish! After they re-opened, I visited more often. Their honey toast is a must-eat! Make sure to get to the place after 3pm though. They aren&#39;t there during breakfast hours. To make up for that, they close pretty late too (3am during weekdays and 2am on sundays) Hygiene-control, however might need a little more attention. A friend of mine traced a tiny cockroach in the bar by the kitchen once and my family noticed multiple black stains on the couches when we dined in last Sunday. Other than that, the friendly waiting staff and overall food quality&#39;s good enough to stop by for a visit.
I should update this review since I did go a couple of times after and it was good.Tried the uni mochi and it was pretty good.Also found out their udon is really delicious.The brick toast (dessert) is also a fave.So overall I think they&#39;re slightly above avg. :)
It doesn&#39;t get more authentic Japanese than Ichiza. I&#39;ve been going to Ichiza for over 5+ years and two things remain constant:1. during rush times, there is a long wait2. the food is always delicious.Try the sweet corn which is an appetizer of  creamy, cheesy corn kernels on top of a crispy chip. Other favorites: baby bok choy, jalapeño fried rice, kimchi, ika (squid), shrimp tempura bowl, salmon sashimi, salmon onigiri, and everyone&#39;s favorite honey toast!I was sad to hear it was closed by the snh (<a href="/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fvegas.eater.com%2Farchives%2F2014%2F07%2F03%2Fjapanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.php&amp;s=b6d0ce86b3e35d11c17c39c2c7fc991bc73ae7978c7d8dbb927cdec3606d1f30" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">vegas.eater.com/archives…</a>) and I was saddened even more to hear that this isn&#39;t the first time Ichiza was closed. I hope they realize that they have a lot of fans and they clean up those demerits. As a note, I&#39;ve never gotten ill or sick from food at Ichiza and once they reopen, I&#39;ll be back!
I have been enjoying this place every time I visit over 10 years.  I feel like I am at my hometown in Japan.However, I noticed a quality of the dishes were not good as before.  There were only few Japanese restaurants ten years ago in town, we were so happy and appreciated to have their dishes, now there are tons to choose from, similar/better restaurants out there to enjoy.I still hope Ichiza will be back as our favorite true Japanese izakaya soon.
Honey toast!!! Yum! Great vibe, great food and decent prices. It&#39;s always a good time.
Really good food. Love the honey toast, it&#39;s soo delicious! This place sucks at groups though. Do not expect to be able to split checks. Also, be wary of people trying to sober up here. I love this place cause it&#39;s open late night and gyudon always hits the spot!
I&#39;ve been coming here for 10 years.  Every single time, the food is outstanding.  My family would dine here every Christmas, as we come into town from LA for the holidays.  The food, it&#39;s so good that my brother starts giggling while he&#39;s eating.  I recommend the beef bowl.  Even the rice in the beef bowl is fantastic.  Love the black cod, cold seaweed, and honey toast!  But overall, everything is seriously delicious.  Thank you Ichiza for being my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!
I don&#39;t understand why this place has so many good reviews and a 4-star rating. We were disappointed with the quality of pretty much everything we ordered. The ramen was super bland, with the soup base being super watery. Same thing with the udon noodles, though it was slightly better than the ramen.All their skewers were hard to eat as well. We ordered different types (liver, gizzards, tongue, etc.) and every single one was so overcooked that it was rather difficult to pull the pieces off the stick (practically stuck and hard as rock). The &#34;uni over baked mochi&#34; seemed a bit interesting when we saw their special dishes posted along the wall. But when it came, it looked quite awful. The mochi tasted like stale gelatin that was baked to the point where it could barely be chewed. The uni....let&#39;s not go there....Service was so-so, not the typical Japanese hospitality you&#39;d expect. To make things worse, they made a mistake on our check as well that we had to correct their calculations.Go elsewhere if you&#39;re looking for palatable food.
Whenever I come to Vegas, Ichiza is one of my go to places. Lots of alcohol and Japanese comfort food! When you go, get there early as it is a very popular place. One thing to keep in mind: the parking there sucks and is totally FUBAR! You may have to park next door in the shopping center and walk over.
One of the great things about this place is that it&#39;s open late.  Ordered a chicken and egg bowl, a half bowl of ramen, and had the fried chicken appetizer.  The fried chicken was similar to Musha back in Torrance (for those of you from the area) and the chicken and egg bowl was as good as the one from Daiko-Kuya in Los Angeles.  These happen to be some of my favorite Japanese dishes (other than sushi) and I generally avoid eating sushi from Japanese restaurants that don&#39;t specialize sushi.  My friend ordered a spicy tuna roll which was alright, but it had a lot more rice than I&#39;m used to.  The honey toast which everyone recommends definitely hits the spot after the meal.  The ingredients are simple yet somehow work so well together - when it first came out, I was doubting whether we could take it down (cuz it&#39;s pretty huge).  But after taking the first bite, it wasn&#39;t too hard to finish it.Definitely recommended, just be prepared to wait a a little while for a seat.  If you like Japanese food and need a place to eat late at night don&#39;t hesitate to go.
I&#39;m going to solely review their honey toast.Use to be very oiishi HOWEVER nowadays, they are burnt or they drench it with honey. No bueno. In addition, they raised the price. Two thumbs down. :P
I&#39;ve tried countless Japanese restaurants and have succeeded in already naming a few off the top of my head. This one is different because I would come here just for their honey toast. Better than a brick toast at Guppy&#39;s in California, better than any toast I&#39;ve had by far in any Asian restaurant. It&#39;s big enough for two to three people to share. It&#39;s really simple, but simple ingredients go a long way. Hot buttery toast with a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream drizzled in honey... it&#39;s the best thing ever. Ok, their ramen is good too.
Was visiting Las Vegas and was in the mood for Japanese food.  My friend who lives there recommended Ichiza, but didn&#39;t tell me that it was on the second floor of a Las Vegas Chinatown strip mall.  When you enter, it is a small place, but they make good use of the space and somehow have configured the tables to maximize customers.  Since our party was six, we were seated in one of the tables where it looks like your sitting on the floor but your actually seated like on a bench.  The menu items look unusual and not your usual tonkatsu, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, etc.  The dishes are mostly ala carte so you can enjoy your meal family style, but some people might want to eat their meals in a &#34;set&#34; style.   I had the salmon steak with a California roll sushi and both were very good.  Salmon steak looks basic but had lots of flavor.  The oyako donburi were pretty good sized bowls with lots of flavor.  Be prepared for a crowd if you go there on there as this place appears to be a local favorite.
So many delicious specialties: skewered chicken gizzards, savory egg custard, grilled whole squid, Kirin on tap, and I&#39;m just barely scratching the surface here. Do yourself a favor and take a break from the overdone strip and hang out here one evening.
Came in today and looked forward to their Honey Toast but was quite disappointed at how me and my friend got treated over here. First of all we went in when the place had 2 tables filled. We were the third set of customers to come in so I thought &#34;hey maybe we can get awesome service.&#34;Long story short a couple of things happened. Servers kept rushing us even though there were no people in line. I was halfway through my Ramen Bowl and the server was already asking me if I was through with my food(with a spoon that&#39;s right at my mouth). The servers managed to put our bill as $79.50 even though we barely ordered anything (a Ramen bowl, a Gizzard Skewer, a Beef Bowl, and one Honey Toast) which the servers kindly adjusted for us. But the sheer fact that if I didn&#39;t bother looking at the bill then I would&#39;ve paid for 3 times what our original bill was supposed to be. And for a Gizzard Skewer that kinda fell short. A bill over $50 is even unheard of. I&#39;m willing to give this place one more try since restaurants have their bad days but not in the near future to be honest.
Ichiza, you&#39;re my late night Vegas dining spot from now on. We went back to back  after 1am Sat &amp; Sun nights. I could go on about how each dish we ordered was delicious but I&#39;d be wasting your time. Join the adventure yourself of reading the walls, asking table neighbors, and pointing at dishes being brought out from the kitchen. Every part of the experience was fun.Somehow several small plates later, when you&#39;re full and ready for the check, Do Not Forget to order the Honey Toast: THE best dessert offered on Spring Mt Road. Oddly enough we made friends both nights with complete strangers (locals, out of towners, and Canadians). All part of the Ichiza experience!
Sushi in Vegas.. Minus the obvious buffets available out there where you can stuff your face with as much as you want.. this restaurant located off the strip brings you a more traditional Japanese environment with great decor and delicious food. Many of my friends and other strangers I&#39;ve met rave about this place... and I&#39;m glad I was able to try it.Most days you&#39;ll find people waiting outside for the restaurant to open.. which is a good sign. I wasn&#39;t able to try their apparently infamous honey toast that so many people talk about, however basing my reviews on the bento and the various a la carte sushi items I ordered.. I must say it was a wonderful experience. The uni inside a lemon with ponzu.. was amazing.I&#39;ll have to come back again.. and try that honey toast. heheh.
Great atmosphere! Great food! This is almost like a japanese bar where menu items are on the wall. It tends to get busy that service may take a moment or two but food arrives on time. Remember when coming here... It&#39;s all a la carte! The best raw oysters in town! Best honey toast for dessert!
I regularly come here for their ramen and honey toast. Their beef bowl is great too. The decor of the place might not be suitable to some but if you&#39;re like me, you&#39;ll enjoy the &#34;street-market&#34; feel that Ichiza is attempting to embody. It&#39;s executed sincerely and doesn&#39;t care to &#34;polish&#34; itself for tourists. Perfect for locals or people looking for great food. Be sure to check their &#34;off-menu&#34; items that are hanging up on the walls.
One of the best restaurant I&#39;ve ever eaten at in Las Vegas. I ordered the jalapeño fried rice which is a must! Their spicy tuna roll was absolutely delicious. The mackerel  and the salmon belly was superb. I love this restaurant.  I hope I  come there every time I am town
I&#39;ve been skipping this place for a while because I was not sure what they had to offer.  I usually go to AYCE type Japanese Sushi Restaurants.  Well, I decided to be advanturous today and went there for dinner with a few friends.  I was shocked by the wide range of interesting menu items plastered all over the walls in the restaurant.All the Sushi rolls were excellant and the prices were very resonable.  They do not have a wide selection of sushi rolls.  The pork belly was awesome and could possibly went well with a bottle of Asahi.  The Honey Toast with a scoop of vanilla ice cream was to die for and really finished the meal for us.
Love this place!!! Exclamation points galore!!! This is one of my fave Japanese restaurants. Their menu is so extensive.. and it is constantly being updated with new items. Everything from sushi, rolls, salads, soups, tonkatsu, ramen, noodles, yakitori to delicious desserts. This place serves authentic Japanese cuisines. Love the traditional and authentic Japanese decor and &#34;pub-like&#34; feel. Prices are reasonable. If you&#39;re in Vegas - forget the buffets - this is one place you&#39;ll want to visit. The honey-toast dessert is a MUST-HAVE. (I think you&#39;ll agree my photos speak for themselves!) Pros: Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. Great customer service. Authentic Japanese vibe. Very reasonable prices. Open late. Casual dress. Cons: Place is always packed and you&#39;ll probably have to wait, but this place is worth the wait.
Hey this pace is really cool. Its located in the second floor of an Asian shopping mall. The decor is quite simple upon first glance. If you look closer it has the look of a small outdoor market place. The roof that  juts out from the wall adds to the ambiance of the place. The food here is really interesting and really fun to eat. Each dish comes out on a small plate and you can share with your table. I have no idea what we ordered, but it consisted of fish, chicken wings, chicken meat balls, tofu,  eggy soup, and a variety of other dishes. The best part of the evening was when my friend ordered a bottle of sake. We thought it was going to come out in a small container. The waitress brought out a huge bottle, it was a couple of liters. We had a few laughs and sent it back for the smaller bottle.
It&#39;s one of the best Japanese places I&#39;ve been and it&#39;s always busy when I go. Have to get their fried gizzards and tofu!
Thumbs up for preparing a reservation for 26 people when their restaurant only probably fits 50 or so.This is a great authentic Japanese izakaya off the strip. The prices are very reasonable and the food is solid.There are a gajillion dishes you can choose from and all were pretty damn good.Great way to get off the strip and order non overpriced food.They also didnt get pissed off at us when the birthday candles apparently were like fireworks and sparking everywhere. Their service is great.
Ichiza is always a great late-night spot to fill your cravings or to just hang out after work with a beer and some skewers. Apparently, I&#39;m not the only one who thinks that. As a result, Ichiza is always packed, especially in the later hours. Sometimes you won&#39;t have to wait or may have a short 5-10 minute wait if you&#39;re eating alone or in a party of two (that way you can sit at the bar) but if you require a table, the wait is usually at least 30 minutes or even more. Of course, their earlier hours are less crowded, but many of the menu items (such as skewers) are not available.Ichiza has been around for years and they remain pretty consistent in terms of food and service. A few times, however, my orders were forgotten or took a ridiculously long time to arrive. It can get very busy with only a few waitresses so I can see why mistakes happen.The vibe is very authentic and is a local hotspot. There are item names posted all over the walls in both Japanese and English and sometimes you just have to wing it and see what arrives at your table. My favorites are the beef tataki, skewers (chicken gizzard and liver), grilled squid, and the tuna and tofu salad. The beef bowl is also a nice and filling item if you&#39;re hungrier. There is always hot green tea, which I love, and sometimes a little mini appetizer depending on the day and what they have.There are so many menu items to be had so you really just have to try it yourself. It&#39;s a fun and casual dining experience with guaranteed good food that has created so many regulars over the years, myself included.
Great for facilitating a group of hungry asians. I wish I could tell you what I ate but there was so much stuff and I didnt get to take a picture of it all. I remember agadashi tofu because no one else at the table ate it except me (I had 3 servings, it was good!) and the eel roll with tempura&#39;d vegetables on top with eel sauce. It&#39;s one of the specials on the wall. Really good!Their honey toast dessert is a lot bigger than you think and see from the pictures. Make sure you share!
I seriously give way too many 5 star reviews.. but I wouldn&#39;t give it 5 stars if it wasn&#39;t &#34;5 star worthy&#34;!!!! Although it was quite pricey, the sashimi was so fresh! We ordered the fried squid mouth bone things and was so flavorful! We also ordered the beef tongue skewers which really was the highlight of the meal! JUST KIDDING, I take that back.. the highlight of the meal was the HONEY TOAST! Ahhh!!! Hot, fresh toast filled with decadent vanilla ice cream and topped off with drizzling honey... oh my goodness.. It was a party in my mouth. I will definitely be back each time I&#39;m in Vegas :)
Ok I have the most picky bf ever and he was totally down with the beef bowl! Yes! Awesome ramen. Good size portions. Cute girl servers. full tummies.
I love this place!!  the price is good, the food is good, the environment was good...what&#39;s there to complain about?  I had lunch there and had the salmon rice lunch, that was tasty!!  Next time I go I will try the honey toast, they said it&#39;s only served during dinner time..and some other things as well since they had like a hundred tags on the wall for specials!  It&#39;s not a fancy place, so don&#39;t expect too much but I enjoyed my service, food and value!!  Definitely will be back many more times!
Went here with a few friends. The food is not bad but nothing to rave about. The service is ok. Some of the food came out fast but most took a very long time even though there weren&#39;t that many people in the restaurant. The real big problem my friends n I had was when we tried to pay. We wanted to split the bill and pay on separate debit cards and the guy in charge said we could only split the bill between two cards. Don&#39;t see why we couldn&#39;t just all pay separate.
i went to japan last yr..and i miss the good authentic japanese food and atmosphere.i&#39;m so glad my friend referred me to this place. This christmas holiday, my family and i went to vegas so i made a stop here at Ichiza. The ambiance totally reminded me of japan..the people were nice, the service was good. As i was waiting for our table, guess who i saw? Yelper Roo M. and his wife. I noticed him and his camera. So back to the food..udon - the broth was light but the udon noodle was good. I like the perfect chewiness.beef bowl - it was okay ; nothign special3 items sashimi: tuna, albacore, and mackerel (you get three pieces of each fish); $13 for this dish and the fish are fresh, and a good size cut.takoyaki - this is just how i remembered from japan. Ever since japan i&#39;ve been trying to find a good takoyaki place in LA...but nope!! none!! and finally here in vegas i found the authentic takoyaki i had in japan! THe sauce was good, the takoyaki had good amount of octopus..not like at some places that everything is all mashed. yellowtail tar tar - now i know everyone talks about how good it is..perhaps it was overhyped for me.. but i didnt think it was that great. I will admit that it was presented beautifully and uniquely. The taste was alright. I dont think i will need to order it again ... but if i were to come here w/ first timers, yeah i&#39;ll order it just so that they can try it.black cod fish - this was really good. it was cooked perfectly. the meat of the fish just flakes off individually ...and the miso taste was good.beef tataki - small portion .. it was good but i&#39;ve had better. I don&#39;t need to order this again.we wanted to order the clams but it was sold out. it&#39;s okay gives me the opportunity to come back here again.I really enjoy this restaurant. And you know it&#39;s good when every other table is japanese customers. And they all speak japanese. I cant wait to come back and try other items. Another plus about this restaurant is that it&#39;s only a few minutes away from the strip!!
two words.  Honey Toast.  - So Good!!  who would think it would be a great idea to hollow out half a loaf of bread, pack it with vanilla ice cream and put honey on top of it?  You can share one with 2-3 other people so it&#39;s a relative dessert bargainOh and the rest of the food there is pretty damn good too!
I lived in Vegas for almost 5 years, I have now been a resident of Los Angeles for 2 years, and I STILL have to come to this place EVERY. TIME. I&#39;m in town! It&#39;s been a fave of mine for years, and I can&#39;t believe it&#39;s taken me this long to write a review!?!It&#39;s definitely a &#34;hole in the wall&#34; type spot, but I do not say that in a negative way at all.. to be honest those are my favorite type of spots! They always have the best food! I&#39;m sure by now you&#39;ve seen many reviews so I will keep it short and sweet by notating my faves on the menu:*wasabi tako (raw octopus with wasabi...not for the faint of heart)*grilled mackerel*Ramen DX (ULTIMATE fave/the pork: OMG delish... I still haven&#39;t found one I like better; not even in LA! But I&#39;m enjoying doing the leg work!)*spicy tuna roll (this sounds so basic I know, but it is really fresh!)*Uni in lemon (I&#39;m always so sad when they run out)*The oysters aren&#39;t bad either... they typically put fish roe on top and a few other toppings, but it seems to change from time to time.**Add a bottle of nigiri (or a few) and you&#39;ve got one fabulous night ahead!Be prepared if you come during dinner time to have to wait...it&#39;s a small place and this spot has a very loyal clientele base.If you like good &#34;home-cooking&#34; type spots, Japanese food, and you&#39;re considering going: DO IT! You won&#39;t be disappointed. ;-)
Great place !  I&#39;ve spent many nights here drinking those BIG bottles of Kurosawa sake with friends.  Call ahead if you have a big group .  We always try to get one of the back tables where you take your shoes off.  Frequent customers get a card for a % off their bill.   Some of the best items are on the wall.  I always get the Uni w/ponzi sauce...yum !  They have the best crab fried rice !  I get my omega-3&#39;s from their grilled salmon belly :)   Many dishes for the adventurous , so look around the walls.  Always get honey toast for dessert ... it&#39;s simple, but unique.
Las Vegas is a city filled to the brim with addictions of every kind, so why not an addiction to one of the very best places you can find in Vegas? Ichiza would gladly satiate my thirst for off-the-strip, reasonably priced dining. It is located on the second floor of a strip mall in Chinatown, which is a small drive from the strip. Completely unassuming and unpretentious, Ichiza is an izakaya - complete with different types of seating - at the Japanese bar/counter, normal tables, and on tatami mats on raised ground.I&#39;m not going to name the 12+ dishes that my fellow diners and I ordered. That would be a little ridiculous. I will leave you with this piece of advice: order off the walls and off the menu. Get the waitress&#39; or hostess&#39; suggestions and go with them (unless you&#39;re a rather unadventurous eater). They have all the standard izakaya-type food here including one of my favorites - octopus balls.And most importantly: order the Honey Toast for dessert. Do not forgo this step! This honey toast had all of my dining group a-flutter, and you can guarantee that it is one of their most popular dishes. A block of bread is hollowed out, toasted, slathered in honey (but not too much honey), and placed on a plate. Then a huge scoop of ice cream nestles itself inside of that sweet piece of toast. (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=5MBjtf85537l3Q44V97BYA">yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP…</a>) It tasted like pure heaven. If you do everything else wrong - order from the menu, actually order soda, etc. - at least do this one thing correctly. Order the honey toast. You&#39;ll thank me later.
If you&#39;re lucky enough to get parking and a reservation, then you know this place is off the chain!  There are so many options on their menu... I personally love the bacon wrapped asparagus and their honey bread dessert.  You can&#39;t beat the real Japanese Style ambiance and the flavorful food.  Can&#39;t wait to be back in Vegas to enjoy the Yakitori. You need to give this place a try when you&#39;re in China Town.
Definitely one of the best japanese restaurants i have been to!! Off the strip which is kinda nice, seen how i dont like having to park in the hotels just to eat... researched restaurants before my vegas trip and found this one. In my weekend trip came here 3 times!! That says something. And a GIANT plus for being open until 3:00am... dayam. japanese food at 2:00am, freaking crazy. Food is AWESOME!! My favorite is the crab fried rice, but the yakisoba quesidilla is very good as well. Friends had other dishes and everyone was overly satisfied. The sushi was yummy as well. The one thing i do not like about the place is where they have all the specials.  They have specials and menu items posted on the walls everywhere, so if you sit down in one section you cannot see the items on the wall over on the other side, so unless you want to go over and look at the wall while disturbing the table by it, then you will never know what is over there.   :(  Plus we were really lazy and did not want to look.But other than that Ichiza was great, didn&#39;t wait long at all, and very very reasonable!!!  Definitely try the banana crepe for dessert!! Mouth watering delicious!!Cannot wait to go back, at least i am only a 1 1/2 hour plane ride away and i frequent vegas quite often!!DEFINITELY if you want some japanese food in vegas forget the high class expensive ass hotel ones and come here!!
for a moment, it was like i was just sitting in hondaya back in LA, sitting on a table, drinking hot sake, eating gyutan ( beef tongue), eating ramen ...oh man......now that&#39;s what you call..great experienceit&#39;s an izakaya that opens till late, i can imagine all the things that goes on here, get ramen dx, you&#39;ll love it, its unique, it&#39;s different, its amazing, oyako don is good too (chicken and egg bowl), oh man...i dont even want to start counting the calories..but f**k it.....what happens in vegas stays in vegas....my calories didn&#39;t get the memo though......they came back with me ;D
We came here after a loong drive from LAWe came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we&#39;re too drunk to remember if it was good :/There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork &#39;n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There&#39;s nothing to rave about. It&#39;s just OK.We came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we&#39;re too drunk to remember if it was good :/There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork &#39;n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There&#39;s nothing to rave about. It&#39;s just OK.
Awesome!  I ate here on Sunday 3/25/07... Jimmy&#39;s Tip:  Don&#39;t come here for sushi...I was on my wife&#39;s Blackberry searching for SUSHI in the remaining 3 hours i had before my 8PM flight back to SFO.  I didn&#39;t want to eat on the strip and I didn&#39;t want to eat at a restaurant I&#39;ve tried before.  Doing a search for &#34;sushi&#34; in Las Vegas on yelp! brought up Ichiza in the top 10 listings.  The 13 reviews all with 5 STAR ratings set very high expectations.  So I recommended it to my cousins and wife that we try this place out.  I&#39;m so glad we did because the food was excellent, the service was fast and friendly, and the prices reasonable!!! Our party of 4 adults and 1 two-year old tried a lot for $85.   I had and enjoyed the:Beef Curry ~$6.00 Okra Tempura - $4.50Aspara-Bacon - ~$4.00 (?)Green Tea Ice CreamSapporo Large I would absolutely return!!!  It&#39;s worth the trip!more laters...
The food here is pretty good.  I enjoyed the various grilled meats on skewers.  Beef tongue was a little chewy, I expected that it would be more tender.  Chicken wing had a little too much charcoal taste.
I love this place!When I walked in, it was like being back in Osaka! Even though this place is originally from Okinawa. The atmosphere and decor made me miss Japan T_TIf you&#39;re looking for authentic Japanese food and want to experience what a Japanese &#34;diner&#34; is like but can&#39;t get to Japan, then come here. I&#39;m sad we don&#39;t have one in Cali!A majority of the good stuff is written on the walls. Yes the menu&#39;s on the walls are the one&#39;s you want to order from. While it seems odd, if you can&#39;t read Japanese you&#39;re gonna have to get up and read the English. My friend took me here for my birthday last month as I was spending it in Vegas. When I&#39;m in Vegas, I don&#39;t really eat at the hotels, rather I go to the local places with my friends. I do remember ordering the grilled saba, my friend got some beef stew, there was some noodles, ramen and grilled tongue. I loved my saba! While I&#39;m not a salty person, Japanese people love salt, and well the saba was just way too good. I didn&#39;t even eat it all because I got full. After that my friend ordered the honey toast... OMG. LoL. Seriously it&#39;s just Japanese Bread, stacked, hollowed out with ice cream in the middle and honey poured on top. Simple yet love. If you don&#39;t know Japanese bread, it&#39;s thick. Thick and good. This is a must have if you&#39;re going to come here.I will definitely come back here! It&#39;s like, if you miss Japan, you need to come here. The waitresses and owners are nice too. I felt like I was back in Japan. I was proper. LoLOh yes the bathrooms are clean too. haha.
Ichiza is one of those places you go to after you&#39;ve spent the entire day eating at fancy restaurants on the strip and have gambled away some more dough and now need some comfort food that won&#39;t break the bank. It is an izakaya located on the second floor of a strip mall near Chinatown in LV and it can get crowded late at night. I&#39;ve been twice now and had their udon, ramen, albacore sashimi, karaage, honey toast, and most recently discovered that their banana crepe dessert is really good. The honey toast was better the first time I came and I think one try is enough. Other than that the udon was fine, the ramen was good, and the sashimi was okay as well.When I visited they had a large menu advertising their cold noodle specials that ran throughout August to combat the desert heat. One thing about this place is that late at night when they&#39;re swamped, the service takes awhile. Just something to keep in mind.
Went back to Ichiza again and it was even better than the last time. Wifey and I ordered a gazillion dishes because we were drunk and hungry as always. After all, we were in fucking Vegas! Anyways, the food that I remember ordering were the following dishes:Uni Red Snapper CarpaccioWasabi OctopusYellowtail Tar TarDeep-Fried Soft Shell CrabGrilled Gobo with PorkPork Belly Skewers with ShisoSpicy Fried ChickenFried Smelt Although the uni isn&#39;t fresh from the shell, it still tasted amazing. Ichiza hollows out a whole lemon and puts the uni into the cavity of the lemon with cucumber slices, ponzu sauce, and fresh wasabi. The sour and salty flavors were so yummilicious that it had me moaning like a &#34;walker&#34; from &#34;The Walking Dead&#34;. Mmmnnnguuuhhh!The red snapper carpaccio was fucking genius. Consisting of red snapper sashimi with shiso, daikon sprouts, and roe atop a bed of sliced lemons. This is the dish to get if you want raw fish. The wasabi octopus consists of chopped up raw octopus marinated with fresh wasabi and other flavors. This dish had a cooling aspect that I really enjoyed. I would have given them bonus points if the octopus had been alive (fuck you PETA!).The yellowtail tar tar was good, but hard to eat. I have a pretty big mouth and was barely able to fit a whole piece in. Looking around, I realized that maybe you were supposed to eat it in pieces. Regardless, the combination of fried chips, rice, salsa, marinated raw yellowtail, and avocado is something that I think I may have to implement at Casa del Ricardo. Thanks Ichiza!The deep-fried soft shell crabs were tasty, but what really made the dish was the ponzu/daikon sauce. I ended up drinking the sauce and asking for more. Also, I am a huge fan of gobo and the combination of grilled pork and gobo was pure bliss. Only two of the items tasted meh. The pork belly and shiso was just so-so and the spicy fried chicken had to be the worst dish we ordered. It consisted of fried chicken marinated with &#34;gochu-jang&#34; (Korean chili paste) that made the chicken way too salty. I think we should have just gotten the JFC (Japanese Fried Chicken aka karaage).However, I saved the best for last. The fried smelt. Yes it&#39;s simple, but it&#39;s just so fucking wonderful. In Western cuisine, the animal aspect is taken away from fish. I mean, you order fish filets at restaurants and there are no fucking bones. You order fish and chips and that fish is so deep-fried you have no idea what type of fish you are even eating. Well, with Ichiza&#39;s fried smelt, this is not the case. You get three whole smelt fish in all their glory from head-to-tail. What was amazing about these little fish were that they were exploding with roe. In fact, the fish were like 90% eggs! Don&#39;t think twice, just put them in your mouth because they are motherfucking oishi!----------------------------------On the way back to our hotel, I kept referring to Ichiza as Ichiban (Japanese term meaning &#34;the shiznet&#34;) to our Filipino cab driver. I think he must have gotten annoyed because he turned to me and said, &#34;It&#39;s Ichiza, sir.&#34; And in my drunken stupor I replied, &#34;It&#39;s both... it&#39;s both manong.&#34;----------------------------------Wife just reminded me that despite her pinching me, my drunk ass told the head chef at Ichiza that he was Ichiban as well and that I told the server that the food was &#34;cho oishi&#34; in broken Japanese. ROFL.
We made reservations so did not have to wait for a table, although they put us at a big table, then asked us to move after we received our drinks to a smaller table to accommodate a larger party.Liked:- any thing yakitori (chicken meatballs, chicken gizzards, okra)- kim chi fried rice- gyoza (potstickers)- agedashi tofu- yellow tail tar tar- pork bellySo-so- service; you have to flag people down a lot- having to walk around to place to see all of the items on the wall- udonOverall, very good izakaya place and worth the drive off the strip to try it our something more authentic. I&#39;ll be back to try some items I did not get to.
Late late hours. Honey toast. Menu on walls. This place is great. It would get 5 stars, but it&#39;s always so packed. I have an average 30 minute wait to be seated and sometimes food takes a bit. Oh, and the honey toast takes a bit to make, so if I plan on having some for the evening, I order it a bit early.Favorite dishes:- Miso ramen- Kimchee Fried Rice- Ika ring- Eel Kakage Tempura roll- Yellowtail Tar Tar- Honey Toastand I always try to throw something new in every now and then.
When I first saw this place, I was happy because it looked like a hole in the wall - a Japanese hole in the wall restaurant. Hole in the wall restaurant = delicious food and I was right. We went there on a weeknight and there was still a wait. I can&#39;t imagine how it would be on the weekend. We ordered the eel kariage tempura roll, grilled squid yakitori, tom yum roll, and the ramen DX. Each roll had wonderful sauces that complimented the ingredients very well. I was really surprised that the tom yum roll really tasted like it was Thai. I could taste the lemon and the chili. It was so strange, yet satisfying at the same time. I love grilled squid and this one was well cooked. My only complaint and it&#39;s a small one, would be that the ramen was under seasoned, but I enjoyed the noodles very much. The service is quick and fast. Prices are reasonable, but remember that you are ordered small tapas style dishes for the most part so don&#39;t expect to order only one or two plates. I&#39;m definitely coming back the next time I&#39;m in Vegas.
Fantastic Japanese food! Very authentic and a must try in Chinatown in Las Vegas. I would say I prefer this place over any buffets actually. Much worth the price and the wait too. Definitely recommend and will come back next time!
How does this place have 4 stars?!?!?!?! So misleading ....Service: well, all I can say is it was bleh. Our initial waitress - Japanese with short blonde hair was not friendly at all. Doesn&#39;t check on us and doesn&#39;t provide any customer service what so ever. Food: Bleh.... some dishes were ok and some were just bleh. I am a picky eater so it doesn&#39;t help this yelp  review. Everyone in my party liked the food - only I was disappointed... too bad I&#39;m the yelper. Would not come back here again. Not even for free.
oh schnaP!I came out of this restaurant beating on my bf and asking him why restaurants like this don&#39;t exist in SF.  With the number of Japanese Americans in the bay area, WHY CANT THERE BE A DECENT IZAKAYA?!?  WHY!Ichiza, please come to the bay.  I&#39;ll come every weekend I promise.Anyway.  With the help of you yelpers, I made up my mind to come to Ichiza the day we arrived in Vegas because  knew this place was open til 3.  We lugged our luggage in like true tourists and just started ordering off the wall and getting a bottle of Sapporo.  We had all sorts of things that night but the uni in ponzu sauce was TO DIE for.  It was the best thing ever i wanted to order like 10 of them.  Each little dish is meant for you to drink some beer with and savor and sample.  I&#39;d love to come with a BUNCH of people and just order all types of food.  We also tried their spicy kara-age (good), miso cod (good), fried oysters (really good) and I wanted to try a lot of other stuff too but we were full. The noodle dishes here looked amazing and their little donburis looked good too.It&#39;s comfort food and places like this that make me miss my mom&#39;s cooking and Tokyo. DAMMIT.Prices were reasonable, service was good, atmosphere ROCKED.  It&#39;s a lil out there if youre staying near the strip.  Best meal I&#39;ve had in a while.
Yummy food for a great price,  but I wished the service was faster.  The wait for a table can be long,  and also to get the check.  Although the food was delish.  I recommend the grilled whole squid,  the grilled salmon collar, and for sure---the honey toast dessert  **a must try**
Great price. Good food. Crab meat fried is made using crab stick tho, not real crab meat. The skewers are great too!
To set the stage: After numerous trips to Vegas, I&#39;m sick of pretentious strip restaurants with overpricing and under-delivery. Cue Ichiza, a low key Japanese izakaya (bar-style food) with a Japanese staff and Japanese patrons. Okay, now we know you ain&#39;t messin&#39; around. Icicle Christmas lights strung around a warm, bustling restaurant with staff zipping around to bring food out and refill glasses.Don&#39;t agonize on Yelp about what to eat. Just go. Order anything and everything that sounds good, and most of them will be incredible and enjoyable, especially the raw dishes. There&#39;s a daily menu of fresh specials as well as the regular menu with countless more hot and cold dishes. Just eat everything.Food comes out lightning here, which is perfect for hangry girls like me, especially as there will probably be a wait in the evening unless you show up quite early. End the night up with a honey toast. I&#39;m a fatass who loves dessert, so if there are more than 2 people, get the full size one and enjoy each bite. Eat great even late! Open until 2:30AM. One of my favorite out of 50+ Vegas restaurants that I&#39;ve Yelped!
Definitely coming back the next time I am in town!My friend took me here for dinner this past weekend. I was really sick of the strip&#39;s food and fast food so yay for authentic food! Japanese at that! Hands down, the best udon I&#39;ve ever tasted. The noodles were not bland at all and the soup was not too salty but just perfect. We also ordered the chicken. Tasted like popcorn chicken but you can actually taste the juicyness of the chicken. Aaand to top it off we got an order of the sashimi. Absolutely magnificent! Some places offer it too warm or not fresh at all but Ichiza had it on point!The setting was way cute too. I felt like I just stepped into Japan for the time that I was there. And service was super friendly and super nice. I am sad I didn&#39;t get to taste their brick toast with icecream thing... I heard it&#39;s to die for. That&#39;s why I am dying to try it the next time I&#39;m in Vegas!! and while I&#39;m at it... I want to try their ramen :)...and the many other things they offer at Ichiza.
Only been there once but good experience so far. Yummy food, fun atmosphere, nice service. I got my takoyaki fix and that&#39;s allllways good. The fresh oysters were yummy. The fried chicken grissle (sp?) as not bad. The red snapper carpaccio was ok. The tofu tuna salad was yummy. +++ for the takoyaki.... we 3 girls ate a lot more then expected... there&#39;s more we ordered but I can&#39;t remember at this time.. but all in all, very cool.
HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST HONEY TOAST!So... as you can see... I came here specifically for the honey toast pictures that I&#39;ve seen... and it was... FREAKING DELICIOUS!  The only thing I can say I would want more from this dish was an extra scoop of ice cream!But seriously, I was so full by the time I got here and wanted to get some honey toast for dessert.... I thought this place was a cafe with a few items... but man was I wrong. There&#39;s a ton of different dishes here that I wish I could try!.. especially the yakitori dishes!  I&#39;ll definitely have to go next time I&#39;m in Vegas.
This was our first stop in Vegas! As asians, obv we love chinatown. But even if you&#39;re not asian, who doesn&#39;t? The prices are great, the food is great. The only thing that was really weird is that their full menu is not on the menu they hand you. They have parts of the menu posted on the walls/chalkboards, so we had to get up to read them. That was strange... I was like hovering over a group of people seated at their tables, enjoying their food. But anyways, I got a grilled fish - so good. Baby bok choy - simple but delicious. Yellowtail tar tar - deeeelicious. Honey toast - wow, some parts were completely saturated with honey, and other parts not so much. it was so saturated to the point that we couldn&#39;t eat it, except for C who has a crazy intense love affair with honey. It was good, but the ice cream to toast ratio was not high enough imo. I wouldn&#39;t get it again. We could have easily come back for another meal.
There&#39;s something that always bothered me about Ichiza... I could never quite put my finger on it.The food is decent and the prices are fair. The environment is mediocre, but for Chinatown, it is fine. It always seems to be busy so maybe I&#39;m just nitpicking?And then upon hearing that Ichiza (for the 3rd time since I can remember) had been shutdown for health code violations, it hit me: The staff does not give a ish about anything! There seems to be a lack of care by the staff and owners on the upkeep of Ichiza. Everything seems to be half-heartedly done. The food does not look or taste fresh and the restaurant needs to be maintained better. I heard they finally remade their menus, which is a sigh of relief. They used to have these mangled pieces of paper covered in laminate that was peeling apart. Classy.I suppose if you&#39;re looking for a cheap eat, stop by. If you&#39;re looking for a dining experience or great tasting food, pass. I&#39;ve seen McDonalds employees more enthusiastic and prideful about their craft.
I love this place despite all of its shortcomings. Ichiza occupies a tiny space on the second floor of a shopping center in Chinatown. Their menu changes from time to time but every time I come here, I can always get a type of grilled fish and some grilled vegetables. It&#39;s my staple Japanese food choices!It can get really hot in there during the summer and the service is kind of slow. There is usually no wait time before 5 PM.
Food is amazing. Great place for a yakitori most of all this place is owned by Japanese and the cooks and servers are japanese as well.Something you should try if you are hungry for japanese Cuisine
No doubt this place has exceptional service and awesome interior decor. It&#39;s super authentic and just has pictures of delicious looking food all over! There&#39;s one wall that has pictures of the owners and employees. You can definitely tell they love what they do and enjoy doing it. The style is awesome and food is tasty. You can taste the flavors  distinctly when eating their dinners! I like their ramen. As for dessert, people have told me they have the best honey toast in town. I was super excited to try it after knowing what honey toast finally was. And to my dismay, it wasn&#39;t. It was just okay. I wouldn&#39;t get it again since I know somewhere else that has the best honey toast in town. It&#39;s not bad for the price, but I don&#39;t think it&#39;s that great. Other than that, it gets pretty busy and wait times can be long, but the food definitely worth it. Love coming here with a big group of friends and sitting in the back corner couches!
remember Angelina Jolie when she was married to Billy Bob?  It&#39;s been a long time because the now refined philanthropist/mother-of-Jolie Pitt-clan/paparazzi-shy-actress does not at all resemble the Angelina of those times: controversial, grungy, and FUN.  Ichiza is like that old Angelina, plus delicious!Atmosphere is not for the timid eater, you are likely to share tables with strangers, you may even have to share tables with strangers as well as be shoes-less with them.  But if you like making friends over sake and exotic meats &amp; fish, then come on in, order a drink and start staring... not at other people - at the strips of paper glued to the walls on which much of the menu is written (most of them are far away, so you will end up seeming like you&#39;re staring at other patrons anyways)!  Did I mention this restaurant was not for the shy?  The current Angelina does not seem to eat, but the old one did, and she probably devoured things like chicken gizzards (skewered and stir-fried), beef liver, &amp; beef tongue, all of which are tasty at Ichiza.  My personal favorites are the buttery beef tongue and the chewy skewered gizzards.  If the present Ms. Jolie did eat, she&#39;d probably enjoy the tofu and sashimi salad: refreshing cold tofu and top quality fish over fresh romaine and avocado, with zesty sesame vinagrette, it&#39;s approved for anorexic starlets.Okay, all Angelina talk aside, I love Ichiza the most because of the grain epiphany that happened to me at this hole-in-the-wall Japanese treasure: the broiled rice balls - the best thing to have happened to anyone that&#39;s a fan of slightly-burned crispy rice.  It was these balls (not the Angelina fantasy - sorry to disappoint some of you) that made me an Ichiza convert.
This place is great, and one of the reasons I rent a car when I vist Vegas (it&#39;s still close enough where you can taxi). A great little izakaya and very reasonably priced. I&#39;ve never been disappointed by anything I&#39;ve ordered here, the only thing that gets tricky is figuring out what to get since there&#39;s so many things (and all of it&#39;s on the wall.. the menu they give you doesn&#39;t show you everything). I think they should print a list of all the stuff on the wall to hand out rather than you trying to see what&#39;s available.Some of the things I enjoy - my recommendation would be to order whatever sounds appealing and share with your friends:Beef Tataki - Rare slices of beefHamachi tartare - mixed w/ avocado, and served on fried wonton wrappersSalmon skin salad - pretty large portion to get your daily dose of roughageHoney Toast - save room for this dessert!
Over-priced and over-rated.  A big bowl of rice for 2.50? Come on. They raised their prices even though some of the original prices were already high. Prices seem low but it&#39;s bar food so paying about 2 dollars for a miniature skewer of  two small pieces of chicken adds up really quickly. On top of that, the second time we came here, our waitress messed up our order and brought us the cow tongue skewer when we ordered the cow tongue stir-fry.  She was so shameless about her mistake that she forced us to keep and pay for the skewer.  Let&#39;s just say that there is only so much cow tongue a person wants to consume before you want to puke. The same waitress told us to &#34;hide&#34; our water bottle.We tried a dozen other things.  Bland fried smelt ( 4 dollars for 3 small pieces)  Good deep fried crabs (about 8 dollars).  Good yakitori.  Salmon skin salad was tiny and tasted only of salt. Bad cow tongue (sliced too thin which makes it rubbery and too salty).  My mother liked their shabu shabu salad and udon noodles with egg and one shitake mushroom.  There were many hits and misses that added up to one giant bill.  Expect to pay more than 40 dollars easily for a few small unsubstantial dishes.  It&#39;s a place you might come once to experience Japanese bar food but I find the food lacking and prices too unreasonable for repeat visits.  I came here twice and the second time was very disappointing.  If you like Japanese food,  you&#39;ll get better value by going to a Japanese restaurant with traditional basic dishes.  At least you won&#39;t leave hungry and broke.
This place is delicious. I love it. There are so many noms. Shout out to Jenny Z. for taking our group here! We had 8 people for dinner, we each paid ~$17 and we got ~16 dishes to share family style. From the Imperial Palace we cabbed here, which ended up to be ~$7 a person there and back. The place is small but intimate and cozy. Wait staff were all very attentive and nice. My favorites (for pics see the photos I added):+ Takoyaki: octopus balls! very interesting and yummy+ Ichiza DX Ramen: Slightly spicy, but in a fantastic way. Great broth, yummy veggies. + Hamachi tartar: great appetizer for avocado lovers, lots of interesting textures. This is a great place to try a little bit of everything that&#39;s delicious. The sake was also pretty good.
This is a great late night foodie joint! They have an expansive menu to kick any food cravings you might have. I love the udon stir fry the most!! It is my go to every time I visit. Their ramen is also delicious!!! There is so much to try at Ichiza, so you must come back many times. I&#39;m still working on that :)
Bread pudding was fire and the service was ok ... Seating was a bit crowded and uncomfortable as well .. But the food was ok we went for the desserts
Tried this out last night. Service was good.. A little bit on the crowded side. But waited like 15 mins for a table so not too bad. We had the three kind of sashimi and the fish was great. We had the grilled Ika which is also good and so was the tuna.. For the price it wasn&#39;t too bad we had about 8 dishes for 70 dollars. The honey toast was the best part of the meal so if you come here save room for dessert.
Perfect place to go when you want to try Japanese food that doesn&#39;t have the words &#34;teriyaki&#34;, &#34;sushi&#34; or &#34;roll&#34; attached. I&#39;ve been to Ichiza on a couple of occasions, and each time the place has been busy. Add to that fact, the restaurant is small with limited seating; but people don&#39;t seem to mind because the food is good and the atmosphere is unique. Ichiza isn&#39;t trying to win people over by turning up the &#34;fancy&#34; switch like some Japanese restaurants do; they are about serving their customers authentic Japanese cuisine. The regular menu is nice, but the real reason why people keep coming back to Ichiza (besides the Honey Toast) is the special Japanese &#34;tapas&#34; menu written on paper and then attached to the walls. I guess I don&#39;t practice what I preach because on my most recent visit here, we ordered strictly from the regular menu. First up, an order of Takoyaki- 6 balls of dough, similar in consistency to pancakes, but crispy on the outside and soft (almost undercooked) in the inside, and filled w/ pieces of octopus and veggies. Topped w/ Japanese mayo, takoyaki sauce &amp; bonito flakes. Yummy! Perfect snack food. Next, we ordered a bowl of Ramen- lots of veggies, large delicious pieces of char siu (pork), full-bodied broth &amp; nicely-cooked ramen. No complaintsFinally, we ended our meal w/ Monjayaki (We wanted Okonomiyaki at first, but they didn&#39;t have it and recommended this dish instead)- a thick pancake w/ fried eggs on the bottom, kimchi and pork in the middle, and topped w/ the same Takoyaki toppings. This was my least favorite dish of the evening. It wasn&#39;t memorable, but it wasn&#39;t bad. It was just a so-so dish, and definitely on the heavy side. I&#39;ve tried the Honey Toast here, and while definitely Yummy w/ a capital Y, it&#39;s a very easy dish to make at home at a fraction of the cost. If you&#39;re in Vegas, you have to check out Ichiza (at least once). Don&#39;t miss out on the hottest thing to happen to Chinatown...
On a Sunday night, to celebrate a friend&#39;s bday, we came here and ordered lots of food and drinks1. Chicken Cutlet 2. Shrimp tempura and rice 3. Red snapper 4. Jalapeno fried rice 5. Vegetable croquette 6. Chicken gizzards 7. Brick toast with ice cream8. Yakatori 9. grilled mackerel10. A whole lotta warm sake and Sapparo - We were able to get a big table for a group of eight where we got to take our shoes off but didn&#39;t have to sit &#34;cross cross apple sauce hands on lap GINGER SNAP!&#34; LOL ok ok..side tracked...kids...- Food came out quickly. Service was nice. They turned off the lights and surprised him with a banana crepe with a candle and sang happy bday. - No rush to push us out of the restaurant.- Language barrier check! That&#39;s when you&#39;ll know the food will be legit, if you know what I mean. - I definitely get the Japapeno fried rice, grilled mackerel, and brick toast again.
Overall ~ will come back againFood, ambiance, price and service is good! Food server was a little busy with other guests however she managed to refill my water.  =)Food is delicious!Ambiance is relaxed, friendly and very oriental (which I really love!).For a party of 7, our check came out to be $119.00 ~ very reasonable.
Late-night, Japanese izakaya at its finest. This place has been around for a while but has managed to remain hip and relevant for locals. Ichiza is pretty small but not too jam-packed. Food prices are fair, and the menu feels a bit more authentic with all the extra off-the-menu items taped on the walls. So far, haven&#39;t had anything that particularly stood out as amazing - that&#39;s why I&#39;m giving them four stars. Though the atmosphere contributes to most of my good feelings for this place.
This little Japanese joint is off the charts! The decor is street-ish Japanese.  From the tables to the writing to the kitchen.What&#39;s unique about the place is the &#39;special&#39; menu is written on the walls.  So if you are daring, by all means, order from it.  This place is one of a kind, it&#39;s not your typical Bennihana&#39;s or Kyoto Bowl, this is a direct import from Japan! =) Love it!You can almost say this place serve &#39;tapas&#39; but Japanese-style.  I had grilled squid to fried rice to raw sliced meat.  All I can say is this was a different dining experience but so good!Great place to hit up after a long night of dancing and mingling, opens super late!
Arrived here after watching a movie with the boyfriend. We were able to get a table once we got in because two people had just left.AMBIANCE:Place was packed and the entire staff was pretty busy. This is a good sign for anyone if you want to know if it&#39;s gonna be worth your time and money.FOOD:Got their pork cutlet musubi, wagyu beef, beef bowl, and honey toast.Pork cutlet musubi-inside the cutlet there was cheese, which made it really good for me, on top there was sliced cabbage and an egg, the egg&#39;s yolk wasn&#39;t fully cooked so I didn&#39;t eat it, I should&#39;ve mentioned that to the waitress. The pork itself was tender and cooked just right.Wagyu beef-You got four thin strips with spring and white onions swimming in some sauce that I don&#39;t know. real pricey $8.50 for one order but it was the best out of all we orderedBeef bowl-meat was very tasty! Also tender and the rice that came with it added to a nice flavor that I enjoyed very much.Honey toast-practically everyone here ordered this, and now I know why...because it is awesome! The ice cream and honey together was delicious! The bread was soft and tasty as well.SERVICE:They failed on this one when it came to getting the waitress to notice us when we wanted her to take our order. That waitress passed by several times before she acknowledged that we were there with menus, staring at her. However this did changed after we got our food, they made sure our drinks were full and cleared the empty plates.This is a cool place to eat some real good Japanese food, especially when the people next to you are Japanese! You know it&#39;s that good!
i went here based on a recommendation and  totally loved it!  prices are super budget friendly and portions are what you&#39;d expect based on the price.  from what i remembered that i ordered, i loved the california/tuna/vegetable tempura sushi roll, kim chee fried rice, shrimp tempura bowl, and of course the honey toast!! i ordered the vegetable ramen, and i would say skip it and fill up on something else.  its not that it was junk, its just that there is sooo many other things on the menu that i would try that you cant get any where else.I&#39;m addicted and will be coming back to Ichiza every time i go to Vegas!!  the service was okay on the night i went but the food quality totally made up for the spotty service.all in all two thumbs up and i highly recommend!!
If I could marry Ichiza, I would do it in a heartbeat and never look back. I know that sounds completey ridiculous but this restaurant is amazing. If you&#39;re ever in Vegas, you have to come here and eat.The food is amazing. They have an expansive menu that is posted around the entire restaurant. I could probably come back 100 times and never have the same thing each time.AMAZING EATS I&#39;VE TRIEDtuna carpaccio black codbeef tatakifried chickenHONEY TOASTHonestly, I&#39;ve been food drunk leaving here so I don&#39;t remember every delicious dish I&#39;ve had but mostly everything is absolutely delectable. The worst thing I ate there was wasabi octopus. It sounded like a good idea at the time but raw octopus with tons of wasabi tastes worse than it sounds. I need to rave more about the genius dessert that is HONEY TOAST. As simple as it sounds, it is a heavenly combination of toast topped with vanilla ice cream drizzled with honey. I could eat one honey toast to myself. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. If you come here, order one or two to be safe!
I didn&#39;t even know about this place until my friend and I wanted to meet somewhere in the middle of where we live and thought of China Town. I looked on Yelp to figure out where we should eat. I was starving! I discovered this gem. They&#39;ve been open for 14 years! It was busy but there was only a 5 minutes wait. The parking lot sucks but you can find a park next door by the China Town Mall if you need to. I was hungry but I wasn&#39;t feeling too well, so it was perfect that they have tapa style dishes. I read on Yelp that the food items on the wall are different than the menu items but better so I was excited to ask about those. She recommended a couple and Yelp also helped me figure out dishes to order off the menu. I wish I took pictures of everything but I was so hungry I only got one picture! We ordered a lot I was the perfect amount of fullness after. We got a variety of healthy like seaweed salad, sushi, sushim like their blue fin from Colombiai, fried goodness like their fried chicken and skewers like their chicken gizzards. The menu could be a little overwhelming since its large and it looks really Japanese but just ask the waitress for recommendations! I felt like I needed a piece of paper to write all the numbers down! But the waitress keeps your order at your table so she can always come back and add things, which is neat! I like the small style restaurant with a large menu! I will be back again and can&#39;t wait to share this place with others!
This place is very good.  While in Vegas, we wanted to go local and eat what the locals rave about.  We yelped what&#39;s around us and found this authentic japanese place.  We ordered:Beef Tongue: this is really really good.  Very flavorful, but a little bit on the chewy side.  Miso Ramen: Tastes like the ones in Japan.  Authentic with a hint of spicy.  The pork rib inside the soup is to die for, as well as the perfectly cooked egg.   Just right.  Red Snapper Carpacio: I ordered this after reading reviews on Yelp.  It&#39;s just okay to me.  The snappers sit on lemon slices and I wasn&#39;t sure if I should eat the whole thing, or just the fish.  The presentation is nicely done though.Gyoza: They pretty much tastes the same everywhere.It was so good that we went back the next night and this time, we got:Beef Tongue: this time tastes less chewy was really goodSoy sauce ramen: I think the Miso one tastes better.  The soy sauce is a bit plain and it didn&#39;t come with the pork rib.  We got cha shiu instead, which is pork slices.  Chicken Gizzards: Very good.  Perfectly grilled!Butter Corn: We saw guests from our next table ordered this and decide to try it too.  It tastes very very good!  Sweet corn in mayo and butter on top of pita chips alike.  Their ramen is huge in size and I recommend you share with someone else and order other food items on the menu.Their pricing is great too and they open until 4 am!  You totally get your money&#39;s worth. I&#39;d eat here, instead of the expensive buffets if you aren&#39;t a big fan for them.I wish there were a place like this one in the Bay Area.
Quality of food was top notch.  I used to like Makino&#39;s buffet off Flamingo/Decatur but it has become less appealing to me after my last visit in December 08.  Maybe it&#39;s also because we tried Ichiza before making our trip to Makino.Oysters = Heaven
Great place to eat. The skewers are the shit. Try the liver, beef tongue and gizzards then sprinkle it with the pepper season. The beef tataki is also a good choice too if your into seared beef. This place is worth it if your into munching on small food and drinking.
Finally Real Japanese food made by Japanese people!! I just came back from a week in Tokyo when my friend was jonzing for some udon. I didn&#39;t want to go based on the fact that I was just in the motherland where noodles are made fresh and 100% legit.. I was greeted by the hostess and was put on the waiting list. however, owner (the old Japanese man) hooked me up and sat us down without hesitation. Once he picked up that I could speak Japanese, things were on easy street. I was pleasantly surprised with here. Unlike most Japanese places which usually specialize in only one or 2 types of Japanese cooking styles, this place had a little bit of everything. (ramen, yakitori, sushi, izakaya food and agemono) So I tried a little bit of everything. My order Shoyu Ramen Gyoza Kushi Katsu (kushi = on a stick) Bacon &amp; Asparagus Kim Chee Surprising all of it was truly Japanese. The ramen was real Japanese style ramen with slightly hard noodles, shoyu broth and Japanese style char siu. The kushi mono was not that bad either. The katsu was real Japanese katsu and not the L&amp;L type crap. The secret to this place is knowing Japanese, like most izakaya joints, 75% of the menu and specials are written on paper then placed on the wall. Thus knowing how to read Japanese or having a friend that does (me) will make your dining experience here better.
Great food. Will write more laters.
My absolute favorite Janpanese restaurant!!! LOVE everything it serves on the menu, especial the grilled black cod. Price is very reasonable for the quality of food. A must go.
Kinda hard to add anything new other than notch on the bedpost for Ichiza. I went in with high expectations and there were delightfully surpassed. I was with a group of 5, we ordered a ton of food, beer, and sake, just pointing to items on the wall at random, and the bill was totally reasonable (I think less than $40/person). Everything was fresh, delicious, and exquisitely prepared. The service was so-so, but who cares when your taste buds are dancing the Macarena on your tongue? The Hamachi collar was phenomenal, so was the red snapper carpaccio, and the honey toast. I can&#39;t remember everything we ordered, but nothing was disappointing. The much-touted bacon-wrapped mochi was good, but really just tastes like bacon (ain&#39;t nuthin&#39; wrong with that, just sayin&#39;).
It&#39;s decent. Honey toast is Bomb af the hot green tea is bomb af. All the sushi... Ehhhh not so much. Let&#39;s just say the sushi smells. Very. Very.  Fishy. LolUsually. Sushi isn&#39;t suppose to smell bad. But I guess if u can handle it, go for it.
Short one night trip to Vegas the day after Thanksgiving and was welcomed by a sea of Asian fobs (who apparently don&#39;t believe in Thanksgiving). After giving up on Bacchanal (3 HOUR WAIT!!!!), we ventured to Ichiza. Put my name down for a party of 6 and was told that it would be over an hour. Decide to just tough it out...10 minutes later, my friend goes in to check on our position and is told that the wait is now 30 minutes. ???After waiting for about 40 minutes, the owner comes out and asks us if we can finish dining within an hour. We oblige, mainly just to grab a seat.Once seated, we promptly order everything we can think of, in hopes of finishing within the agreed upon time. Wasabi octopus.....&#34;Sorry, we are run all out.&#34;Okra natto....&#34;Are you sure you want? It has natto in it.&#34; (Me: &#34;Yes, I understand this&#34;)Ankimo....&#34;I am sorry. No more.&#34;Uni in ponzu sauce....&#34;I&#39;m sorry, we are all out tonight.&#34;After scrapping together an order, we wait once again. 15 minutes pass before the first dishes come out. Some were decent, most were par for the course. Nearing our one hour limit, we are waiting for our bowls of ramen. We inquire and are told, &#34;we are out of miso broth, only shoyu ramen left. Do you still want?&#34;Me: &#34;Yes.&#34;Would have been nice to be asked this a little earlier.Another 10 minutes....and they bring 1 out of 3 ramens ordered. We finish. Promptly given the bill by the owner.Average yakitori. Below average service.
I really enjoyed this place. It&#39;s a little off the strip, but pretty close. We had several appetizers, all of which were great. Beef carpaccio, agedashi tofu, and a couple of sushi items I remember distinctly but do not know the name of - they were all delicious.I had spicy ramen noodles, which were also pretty good. My friend got a big plate of sashimi. I had a piece, and it was fantastic. Also tried another friend&#39;s kimchee fried rice, which I enjoyed. Service was decent, although they confiscated two boba teas from our party until the end of the meal. I hate it when places have silly policies like that.
Yup, I bookmarked this place and after a non-stop 4 hr drive from LA, we made our pitstop here.  The menu is pretty extensive and prices are definitely affordable compared to many Japanese tapas places in LA.  Skip the expensive meals on the strip, this place is a most try before leaving Vegas. Trust me, you won&#39;t be disappointed. =)
Went here for a friend&#39;s birthday.  As festive as birthdays should be Ichiza stood up to the challenge! We were seated at a booth which were limited.  Each booth can seat up to 10 people from what I remember.  We took off our shoes so make sure you don&#39;t have stinky feet!  Anyhow, the small restaurant is also lined with 2 seater tables and a sushi bar you can sit at.We started off with a pitcher of Sapparo and my favorite, warm sake!  From there it was harder to remember what food we ordered.  The ordering process is unique cause you order off the small notes on the wall.  I feel that they do this to keep the dishes new and fresh.  The price range of the orders range from $5 - $15 for a tapas style dish.  Each little portion stands out from your normal sushi fare and you will not be disappointed.  The one dish that I really loved was the deep fried breaded bacon wrap pork tender loin! Yum. If you&#39;re looking for a busy place to drink and eat away your weekly stress this is the place to be.  But, you&#39;ll really never beat the rush cause this place is popin!  Come with an empty stomach and if you have enough fun you&#39;ll leave with an empty wallet!
This has been my favorite restaurant in Vegas since it opened. Everything is delicious, but I always order whatever special fish they have. The grilled beef tongue, liver, chicken, tuna collar, and salmon belly are top notch.
When your all buffet-ed out and you want some good izakaya style Japanese food, I recommend Ichiza. Open kitchen with cute Japanese waitresses that serve you Kirin on tap. Awesome.Lots to choose from. Everything on the menu plus added menu items on the wall are all available to order. Anything from vegetable croquettes , albacore carpaccio, ramen to yakitori like tsukune and tebasaki. Some noted yummy dishes include: yamaimo (mountain yam) tempura, deep fried squid cartridge, red snapper carpaccio (don&#39;t eat the lemon slices with it), ikura oroshi, unagi kakiage roll, and of course the bread toast thingy with honey and ice cream :)Great service and the food was on point. Will be coming back
went here a couple times.  the first time was during charlie&#39;s bachlor party.  we were kinda hungary and wanted to get something in ranch99 but it was close.  i wonder into this shop cuz the waitress was pretty cute.  we end up eating there and the food was surprisingly great and cheap.  that was in 2005.was there again last month when me nelson and kevin went to vegas.  nelson&#39;s bro, a vegas local, took us here and i was pleasantly surprised and all, &#34;yeah i know this place&#34;.  this time we order like half the menu, since kevin was the big winner... cant believe it, won almost $1k playing $10 hands on 3 card poker... anyways, we order the chicken gizzard skewer, some udon, some fish with eggs, more fish, and tons of stuff.  i think we order 10-15 apps...  it was the 5 of us.  the bill was less then $100.  i dont remember since kevin took care of it.  in summary, i love this type of food.  and to find it in vegas is awesome....
Despite all the reviews warning about needing a reservation, came on a Sunday night with no reservation and a group of 6 around 7pm and got seated immediately. The options here are endless, and many are posted around the restaurant rather than in the tiny menu they hand to you.We got:Mackerel Iso-yaki - This was my favorite dish. Must get! The fish is deliciously savory and yet soft at the same time. So good. Salad with tuna and tofu - My second favorite dish. I loved the way the cold tofu paired with the salad and the tuna and the sesame oil. Chicken and egg rice bowl - This was quite good, the flavors come together really well. If you&#39;re looking for something filling, get this. Egg custard - This was super smooth and delicious and also filled with the umami flavor of mushroom (I&#39;m more used to seafood flavored egg custard, but this version was surprisingly delicious).Iko yaki (grilled squid) - I was actually underwhelmed by this dish, but I think others enjoyed it. Chicken gizzard - I really liked this skewer. Nice and crunchy.Chicken skewer - Super juicy chicken skewer.Beef liver - Wasn&#39;t a huge fan of this because of the texture. But if you like cooked liver you&#39;d probably be a fan of this.Beef tongue - This was really good, super savory and juicy. I liked it a lot. Seaweed Salad - This was not the seaweed salad I was expecting. Rather than green seaweed, it&#39;s red seaweed with a bunch of lettuce. Not sure I&#39;d get it again. Ponzu uni - This was good but underwhelming. I&#39;d probably opt for something else.Yellowtail Tartar - I felt like the fish in this wasn&#39;t particularly fresh and was just being masked by the avocado and crunchy cracker. Wasn&#39;t impressed.Kimchi fried rice - I surprisingly liked this although some of my friends didn&#39;t enjoy it. I&#39;d get this just to share.Prices are reasonable, and you can opt for a super cheap meal (chicken and egg bowl) or a moderately priced one (with the sushi/sashimi offering).  All in all, great food and drinks, and a nice atmosphere just to chill and chat with friends.
For a restaurant with 1200 reviews, Ichiza is overrated. They don&#39;t know how to season anything. Wagyu beef carpaccio was so bland, their sushi rice is just plain white rice,  and their grilled squid is extremely tough.  The sashimi cuts were thin and cut the wrong way. The yellowtail tasted old and tough. I also tried 2 hand rolls which had too much white rice and nothing special. Overall nothing was great or even good. I would never come back and I recommend you overlook the number of reviews
If you don&#39;t want to wait, it&#39;s best you go there before 6pm, or any time on weekdays.(You can also call and see if it&#39;s crowded)- - Edited on Apr 24 2014 - -The hours have changed.No more lunch hours.Opens at 5pm, last call at 2:30am.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - My suggestion is, if you crave something and don&#39;t want to miss it, call and ask them before you go. (There can be groups of people ordering 20 beef tan skewers for each table, seriously.)About the items on the wall, yes it is hard to read English since they are so tiny. If you are willing to read all that, prepare your glasses and take a walk. I would check yelp first since many items on the wall are already introduced WITH pictures (although prices are often wrong).But still, servers can help you to pick so tell them what you feel like eating today. Servers there eat their food too so they can tell you what they think about the item you&#39;re about to order.Lastly, it&#39;s better if you tell the server about your allergy or veganism.(i.g. Jalapeno fried rice comes with some shrimp heads on its plate.)Hope this helps!
We came here with a party of five and a reservation on a Thursday night, this place was packed and there were plenty of people waiting for table.  We enjoyed the following: uni special was fresh and creamy, black cod, salmon fried rice tasted so good we wanted seconds, Vietnamese coffee dessert, and of course honey toast was to die for!  This is located in same plaza as Tea Station.  There are many appetizers and tapas to choose from, not much of a sushi selection, and the sushi didn&#39;t taste all that great.
Dropped on here for dinner the other night with one of my friends. Pretty legit Japanese spot that&#39;s actually close to the strip. Ichiza has a large selection of food ranging from yakitori, to rice dishes, to ramen. Therefore, whatever you would want to eat will be at Ichiza.The thing that got me was the price of the food. My dinner for 2 came out to be $48. There&#39;s no way that the price would be this cheap back in NY or CA.
Went there on a Tuesday night. It was busy but no wait for counter seating. The place is a hole in the wall and doesn&#39;t feel clean. We ordered the crab fried rice, salmon skin salad, grilled squid, mountain yam with seaweed salad, and a variety of Yakitori including beef tongue. Nothing really stood out. Our neighbor ordered a yellowtail sashimi which actually looked better than all our dishes. The most tasteless were the Yakitori/skewers. No special sauces thus quite bland. The best dish was the grilled squid. Left rather unsatisfied.
I wish the menu wasn&#39;t all over the wall because I feel stupid looking over at other people&#39;s tables.  But I guess it&#39;s part of the experience.  The food is delicious nonetheless!  I also have a problem with the service because they aren&#39;t too attentive and I always have to ask someone to refill my drink or to order something else.  Must try:Seafood quesadillaShrimp fried riceYellowtail tar tarTofu and Tuna sashimi salad
This delectable restaurant is a must every time I&#39;m in town.  I have it bookmarked &amp; I tell my friends about it.  If you don&#39;t know what to order, the daily specials is a great start.  Also, look at the posted items above the sushi bar for &#34;new items.&#34;  I often try those.  Price wise, this place is great!  Delicious sushi at fantastic prices.
I have no idea why I&#39;m only discovering Ichiza now BUT MY OH MY! I&#39;ve been missing out.A couple of friends and I decided to spontaneously grab a quick bite after work. But what would we thought would be a simple midnight snack turned into a full-fledged meal.The two stand-outs were the yellowtail tar tar and the seafood quesadilla. The yellowtail tar tar is a hit on yelp so it was a must for us and of course it lived up to our expectations! The dish had an interesting mix of flavors that was strong but not to the point that it was overwhelming. Even though I&#39;m not a huge fan of avocado (don&#39;t hate me), I was surprised to find myself enjoying it on the dish!The seafood quesadilla aka the whole party&#39;s favorite definitely caught us off guard. We did not expect to love it as much as we did! When we first saw this food item featured on the wall, we were slightly hesitant because it seemed kind of odd. But we were feeling adventurous and just decided to order it! We&#39;re glad we did because it&#39;s so aesthetically pleasing AND better yet it tasted as good as it looked! You&#39;re able to taste the wide array of seafood on top of the pancake and the pancake itself had a slight crunch to it that was just perfect. Do yourself a favor and get it!The servers at Ichiza were so friendly and accommodating as we kept on adding on to our list of orders. Thank you so much!We&#39;ll be back soon!
Oh yes i love coming here late nights with friends! Everytime we come here there is never a wait which is a PLUS!! We always get the shrimp fried rice ,Salmon sashimi and chicken karrage. But,tonight i tried the udon stir fry with vegetables.. ehh it was a little to saucey and also salty..  So, i wasnt really impressed. But anyways,They also have sushi rolls so if you dont feel like waiting in that long line at Sushi kaya (downstairs) then you could enjoy some rolls here!
I heard about this place so often I had to finally come try it out. We initially made a reservation for 3 at 6:30pm and when we showed up we were a party of 5.  they had no problem accomodating us even though they were clearly busy.  there&#39;s a great vibe here, we ordered practically everything off the menu! we started with takoyaki, chicken gizzard skewers, tofu agedashi, fried squid, udon noodles. then for finale... Honey Toast!! staff was super pleasant and very helpful. I would definitely be back again, to order the rest of the menu :
Love love love!!!!! Best authentic Japanese place I&#39;ve ever been to!!! Sucks that its in Vegas.... x( I would come here all the time if it was in my neighborhood... I always order the yellowtail tar tar!! Freakin bomb~~~!! The yaki udon is pretty good too!! Beef tataki was my boyfriend&#39;s favorite so we ordered 2!... the shrimp fried rice was good.. personally I can&#39;t be amazed by fried rice... its just fried rice.... we split a ramen which was pretty good too.. don&#39;t remember what else we ordered but at the end for dessert we had to get the brick toast! One was good enough for 4 of us cuz we ate so much....!! Will always come here if I&#39;m in Vegas!! Don&#39;t care that its off the strip.. don&#39;t care if there is always at least 30mins to an hour wait..... SO FREAKIN WORTH IT!!!
Good food, friendly staffs, cozy place. The restaurant reminds me a lot Japan. I highly recommend it.
My go to place in Vegas! Every single time we come to Vegas we MUST eat here :) this Izakaya joint has been my favourite for a long time. They always have new menu items which are usually delicious. The fish is super fresh, my favs are the toro (not always available) and the hamachi. I am from Vancouver, the land of good sushi, and this place can definitely compare.
This place is a good and fast eat in restaurant to go to during the late night. If you&#39;re a die hard sushi/Japanese food lover, you&#39;ll love this place.Upon walking in, you must wait to be seated and they will find you a comfortable spot. If you&#39;re coming in a big group, they usually seat you near the back, where you must take off your shoes and sit in a table with cushion. It&#39;s kind of like an old Japanese style place, where you sit Indian style into a rectangular table. It&#39;s fun and different and you should experience it at least once.I ordered the fried pork udon with the sauce and asparagus wrapped in bacon. I&#39;m not much of a die hard Asian food fan, but I feel like what I ordered was just right. My boyfriend got the beef bowl and it was a good portion size. They&#39;re fast and efficient here, we were tired, so we wanted to sit and get our food and go. They also have Mochi ice cream which is a MUST try!
One of the most creative Japanese bar-food restaurants (I think it&#39;s called izakaya) that I&#39;ve ever been to. The selection of dishes is great here and an awesome place to hang out for dinner, late-night snacks/drinks, etc etc. Definitely one of the best hits in Vegas, imo. Here&#39;s what I recommended: - Red Snapper Carpaccio: Amazingly fresh, great sauce and pretty presentation. - Yellowtail Tar Tar: Very creative and kind of look like a sandwich with yellowtail/avocado on top, crisps on two sides and sticky rice in middle. Interesting combination but turned out very tasty and filling at the same time. - Octopus Wasabi: my all-time favorite and the portion here is generous and price is wayyyyy reasonable! - Uni Toasted Mochi: never ever had this before and it was surprisingly tasty. Another creative combination that is to keep; fresh soft sea urchin on top and sticky toasted mochi on bottom that brings out extra texture and taste. yummmm- Smelt, smelt, smelt: tried both deep fried and grilled....definitely stick with the grilled ones...omg, can never have enough of those. Too bad some the Japanese restaurants I go to in NY stopped carrying smelts, a really sad case. - Beef Tongue Skewer: tender, juicy, and squeeze a bit lemon juice on it, sooo sooo good. -Beef Tataki: raw beef with seared sides...one of my husband&#39;s favorites.-Stir fried chicken gizzard: very flavorful and another great dish to have while sipping sake ;)Overall, food was great, service was very friendly and most importantly, this place opens past midnight! A great place to chill off the strip.
AN OFF THE STRIP HOLE IN THE WALL THAT WAS VERY SATISFYING...During my best friend&#39;s bachelorette party weekend in Vegas, a fellow bridesmaid (who uses yelp religiously for good eat recommendations as well) suggested to dine here. Luckily we had a minivan that could pack in 9 girls and take a 10-15 minute drive away from the strip.ICHIZA is located on the second floor of an Asian strip mall. In comparison to the other Vegas restaurants on the strip, this was definitely no fancy place (a bit of a hole in the wall) but definitely had character. Since we arrived early for dinner we got to eat in one of the two group tables in the back where you take your shoes off.I can honestly say I&#39;ve never been to a Japanese restaurant like this before....when we looked at the menu we were all a little taken back (I guess I&#39;m a bit sheltered when it comes to authetic Japanese food).....what no bento boxes? no large sushi menu?.....then what do they serve? This place was everything but ordinary....On the walls they posted signs with the various small dishes that ranged from $2 to $6 and various things on the menu I&#39;ve never heard off. Each lady ordered 2-4 mini appetizers or dishes and we all just shared everything. It was super fun getting to sample alot of things in one siting. We kind of played it safe because alot of the choices sounded a bit scary. From what I remember we grubbed on:-Japanese style crab fried rice (yumm)-Kimchi with pork (This was one of my favorites)-Grilled mackarel-Grilled bacon wrapped Mochi (sounded so weird we had to try it)-Sweet grilled corn-Deep fried chow mein (kinda like pan fried noodles)-Fried calamari-Mini fried chicken pieces-A couple sushi speciality rolls (unagi &amp; scallop) of the few choices they had-And can&#39;t forget about the famous HONEY TOAST (SWEET BREAD ALA MODE)!!!!....Note: It does takes about 15 minutes to cook and we ordered 3 seperate ones so that there was 3 people to each honey toast. This dessert really topped off the meal and is probably what pushed this to a 4 star review! The waitresses were overall friendly but kind of hard to understand since I think they were more fleunt in Japanese than english. By the time we left the place, which was about 8:30pm on a Saturday night this small place was packed with several costumers waiting outside...so again it was comforting to know that it can be a popular place during peak dining times.Although we were skeptical when we first walked in, this ended up being a memorable dinner with the ladies for $25 a person (which inlcuding us treating the bride to be). So if you are tired of the Vegas buffets, want something more authentic, wanna try something new, and have a car (as I don&#39;t thinnk it&#39;s necessarily worth a cab ride from the strip), I&#39;d definitely recommend giving this place a shot if you wanna dine with all the locals.THIS UNIQUE JAPANESE-STYLE TAPAS PLACE HIT THE SPOT!!!
Ichiza is a great izakaya/Japanese tapas! It&#39;s located on the second floor of the building. Stairs are required lol. It&#39;s a decent size place and our group of 10 was easily accommodated. We did make dinner reservations just in case though. Service and food are great! Our server was nice and gave us recommendations since we were all over the place with ordering. They serve the food as it&#39;s finished cooking/preparing so it feels like a constant flow of food (but in a good way). What we ordered:- Blue fin tuna sashimi: soft and almost melted in your mouth yumminess- salmon sashimi: basic but necessary- miso cod: OMG deliciously flavored, slight crispy on the outside, and melt in your mouth softness on the inside. - ika (giant squid): Not as chewy, rubbery as I thought it would be. We ordered like 4 of these, enough said lol. - shrimp fried rice: this was surprisingly good for something I thought would be basic lol- agedashi tofu: another basic but necessary lol- uni with ponzu sauce inside a lemon: small, delicate but bursting with flavor! - toro with raw quail egg over half an avocado: also small, but good with fattiness and proteinThe menu is extensive and they have specials on the wall too! We kept ordering throughout dinner because we would see something interesting (either on the wall or a different menu). Pricing is decent and there&#39;s something for everyone so it&#39;s a great place to take even some of the pickiest eaters.
Oishii! I love this place.  From the hand scribbled menu items around the walls, to the bench-like seating.  I felt like I was at a one of my favorite spots in Hawaii.  The food selection has endless - and everything was quite tasty - from the typical fare, to the creative specials.  Prices were very reasonable - and the service was status quo for a busy place like this.  Thanks to my buddy and his wife for introducing me to this place!
Izakaya in Vegas? Sure, why not?Some of the advantages about coming here early (like 5 PM when the store just open) are plenty of available parking spaces and none of crazy waiting line. Nothing superb about the service, staffs got the job done and we all got our food in an orderly fashion. 31. Garlic Baby Bokchoy (stir-fried baby bokchoy with garlic soup - $3.95): Simple and decent dish. Tasted just like how my mom would cook it - garlic soup wasn&#39;t too crazily salty, but I do think $4 is a bit pricey. 45. Kushi-tan (most tender beef tongue - $2.25 each): A huge hit. Beef tongue was grilled perfectly with just the right seasoning. Now that&#39;s something you don&#39;t get to enjoy everyday. 52. Black Cod Fish Fillet (Black cod fish [butterfish] marinated with miso-sauce - $9.95): Definitely a miss for me. Texture is pretty good, but simply too salty. I would rather exchange one black cod for four beef tongues. 91. Ichiza&#39;s Ramen DX (Ichiza&#39;s ramen with kakuni and half egg, half size): A hit for me. This ramen reminded me of champon ramen at Hana Ichimonme in Los Angeles (<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz/hana-ichimonme-restaurant-los-angeles">yelp.com/biz/hana-ichimo…</a>). Broth is milky and flavorful. Kakuni wasn&#39;t too bad and I can taste vegetable in the bowl here and there. Not the most amazing ramen, but I was pretty impressed with it. More hits than misses - just stick with Yelp&#39;s recommendation and you will have an enjoyable experience.
Ichiza is a izakaya restaurant located in close proximity to the Las Vegas strip. My friends and I took a cab from the strip and it came to be ~$10 per ways. Compared to other izakaya restaurant, Ichiza is suited well for informal gatherings with friends and companions who are adventurous when it comes to food. I would not recommend for dates or casual after-office meetings (as most izakaya&#39;s are for). I like to think of Ichiza as the younger, hipper version of its upscale, intimate Raku, counterpart. Both Raku and Ichiza serve decently made traditional izakaya entrees . Food presentation at Ichiza is lacking compared to Raku but they have more varieties of dishes for one to try. The one complaint I have of their menu is that a lot of their more interesting varieties are scribbled on pieces of paper that are pasted against the wall. Therefore, making it inconvenient when you are ordering. So, make note of good dishes that are recommended to you either through word of mouth, bloggers or yelpers. I can definitely say that are enough options to feed a mouthful with splitting open your wallet.I went with a group of 8 friends, ordered many ~16 dishes and it came to a total of ~$17 pp. It is a izakaya, so you can eat/order however much or little you would like. My recommendations are the following (please note that I do like raw fish and sometimes meat, if fresh enough, so I will note any dishes that contain raw items):-Takoyaki: &#34;OCTOPUS BALLS&#34; (not literally) If you have never had this, you MUST try. I am from the bay area where a lot of Japanese and asian families live and rarely do I see takoyaki on menus. Not only does Ichiza have it but it is done to perfection. -Okonomiyaki: I believe this is seasonal. The texture and flavors is very similar to takoyaki except that it has more vegetables and no octopus balls. Think of it as traditional Japanese pizza-Hamachi tartar: excellent textural contrast between the flaky rice placed between two crisp wonton skins and topped with smooth and buttery hamachi tartar with avocado. This was amazing-Ichiza DX Ramen: I enjoyed this VERY much. Perfectly al dente ramen noodles, beautifully refreshing soup, delicious pork loin? pieces. I can slurp up every bit of it. The normal portion is humongous. We got 2 to share between 8 people and it was plenty. You can also get the half order if the normal size is too large-Fried Oyster: Burst of oyster juice and flavor in your mouth. I loved the various condiments they provide as well-Grilled Eggplant with Shrimp: really good sweet and spicy flavors that reminded me of authentic szechuan goodness. The sauce was so addicting that people just started dipping everything in it! haha-Anything Hibachi grilled would probably taste excellent! We had the beef tongue (:D), pork with shiso leaf (very unique flavors kind of like mint and basil) and yakitori (loved this)-Bacon wrapped mochi-Beef Tataki-Broiled Miso CodHoney Toast is supposed to be really food but we were already too stuffed to keep going. But to be honest it is a just a huge slice of toasted asian breast drizzled with honey and vanilla ice cream. It does sound good but could be something you could make at home. Overall, Ichiza is a lot of fun to eat and converse in. I would recommend!
Saw a lot of good reviews and decided to try it out...LOVE THE FOOD!!!....I love that it is authentic Japanese...I try pot stickers, sashimi and ramen...all taste so good...the sashimi was very fresh...prices are not bad too...One of my favorite place to eat...=)
Do not order the spider roll. Looks and taste like a pretty bad hyped up California roll. Japanese tapas can&#39;t go wrong.
This is my favorite spot for Japanese in Las Vegas for the following reasons:1. The food is delicious. Every single dish I&#39;ve ever had here has tasted great.2. The selection is HUGE! There is so much to choose from and if you don&#39;t see it on the menu (or on the wall which acts as a menu) then just ask and they can whip it up for you. My vegan daughter was totally able to get her grub on3. The food is served super quick4. The servers are patient and kind5. The ambience is fun and diverse
Ichiza is a solid Izakaya with fair prices, good food, and open late. Many of their items aren&#39;t on the menu, so make sure to look around on the walls for the other items. It&#39;s a small place, so it&#39;ll take awhile if you come with a large group. Food:1) Beef tongue - If you like the texture of tongues, then you&#39;ll like it. It was flavorful, but some of my other friends didn&#39;t like it because of its texture.<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#MRiWPQNDdzQCkixIA1dyJQ">yelp.com/biz_photos/ichi…</a>2) Beef Bowl tastes just like Yoshinoya, but with much better beef quality and without the post-meal coma.<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#gZx7dyZbOl6wM_mgAJGEWg">yelp.com/biz_photos/ichi…</a>3) Yellowtail Tartare was layered like a sandwich with chips instead of bread and topped with avocado and yellowtail poke. The fish was fresh and the sauce was delicious.<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#GUUzqj8B-3qeH4fXYtwVQg">yelp.com/biz_photos/ichi…</a>4) Miso Black Cod was buttery and soft. It was cooked to perfection! There was just enough miso for the right amount of flavor, so it wasn&#39;t overpowering.<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#jaRWq-B8P--y_9RtXJrNGA">yelp.com/biz_photos/ichi…</a>5) Fried Calamari - It wasn&#39;t that great. I&#39;ve had much better. I recommend you order something else instead because there are many better items for the same price.<a href="http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Z50FudnbVN6ZBijm1ZbHkw#79IniSib3kGjGXCips_edg">yelp.com/biz_photos/ichi…</a>Service:The place always seems busy, so it&#39;s difficult to get everything in the time you want. Nevertheless, the staff here work hard, and they&#39;ll make sure to take care of you as long as you get the chance to flag them down.
This place is actually pretty popular. If you come with a group bigger than 2, you should make a reservation just in case.- Yellow tail tar tar: I couldn&#39;t even taste the yellowtail. Instead, it felt like I was eating wontons with avocado spread- Ramen - standard- Kimchi fried rice: - standard- Urchin in ponzu sauce - fresh - Chicken gizzards - surprisingly tasty!- Beef tongue - also surprisingly tasty! I think this was my favorite dish- Red Snapper Carpacio: it was alright. didn&#39;t have much taste- Fried zuchinni with mozarella and bacon - YUCKINESS- Garlic calms - barely any garlic taste- Grapefruit shochu - a fun drink where you get to pump the grapefruit yourself and then poor the juice into a glass of shochu. On the other hand, I really don&#39;t want to do the work myself- Honey toast - stale bread loaf with honey soaked in it The service is nice.
I&#39;ve been here several times, but years ago when I was in high school. I&#39;m 23 now lol. It&#39;s funny because last night I went here on a whim with my boyfriend, and I kept trying to remember if I liked this place or not. The decor is the same, with it&#39;s little Tokyo bar scene. Surprisingly for a Wednesday, there wasn&#39;t a wait - we sat down right away at a big table, seemed a little lunch table-ish, but we were cool with it. I got the sashimi ika, and seared tuna and tofu salad. Everything tasted fresh, which was a plus. My boyfriend got beef tongue skewers, and he enjoyed it. I also enjoyed watching my boyfriend trying to use chopsticks. I&#39;d say everything ran smoothly, so I enjoyed it last night. I would come back, but I think I got lucky for the atmosphere being calm at 1 am on a Wednesday night.
Good, flavorful food in a small strip mall in China Town area. GARLIC BABY BOK CHOY - surprisingly delicious. After reading all the reviews about this, I had to try it. It&#39;s a small side dish with maybe about a head of baby bok choy in a garlic soup. It had the right amount of crunch to it while exploding with flavor. FRIED BABY OCTOPUS - my date really liked this dish but I wasn&#39;t in the mood for fried food. It&#39;s served over a bed of shredded cabbage that I used to dip in the garlic soup from the dish earlier :P CRAB FRIED RICE - does not have real crab, but instead uses imitation crab. I would have appreciated it if they had noted that in the menu. It was flavorful with a slightly &#39;burnt&#39; taste to it that I really enjoyed. I can never get that taste without a nice fire and wok. (This was a full sized dish)SEAWEED SALAD - not your typical seaweed salad that you can buy at the grocery store, but still very good. It comes with fresh strips of seaweed on top of lettuce - an actual salad! Portion is about three times as big as a side dish.BUTTERFISH - just like butter! It&#39;s a small cut of butterfish grilled to perfection. The skin was so crispyyyyy. My date was pleasantly surprised and stated how the name &#39;butterfish&#39; was so fitting :) I would definitely come back to try more tapas next time! The couple next to me tried the meatball skewers and the grilled whole squid and were raving about it!
Went here on a Tuesday evening to grab a beer and share some small plates with a new friend in town.  No trouble finding seating although I can imagine this could be a popular spot for late night munchies closer to the weekend.  Perfect place for a casual post-work meetup with the bros although not necessarily ideal to impress someone on a first date (I&#39;ve heard Raku would be more optimal).  A bit surprised a fair amount of dishes were already sold out (roasted quail eggs on skewers, eel chirashi bowl, and fatty tuna roll) since we arrived around 7ish.  Being an izakaya or Japanese pub, we figured it would be best to go with the warm offerings rather than sushi.  Besides, beer always goes well with grilled/fried food with bold flavors.  Beef tongue on skewers:  flame broiled to perfection with that elusive texture that can often be missed when preparing beef tongue (overdone= rubbery, underdone= gummy)  I appreciated the fresh application of salt after grilling and add a dash of fresh lemon juice = party in one&#39;s mouth.Chicken meatball skewers= I may have had overhyped expectations since I saw a food network episode raving about some Japanese spot in new york with mindblowing chicken meatballs, but this one left something to be desiredAgedashi Tofu- very well balanced flavors and beautiful presentation, nice intermission between the other heavy hittersGarlic chicken gizzards with green beans-  this dish was destined to be paired with an ice cold beer, nice playful juxtaposition of crunchy and chewyTakoyaki- this is like a Japanese hush puppy with a hidden surprise of tender squid and topped with shredded dry seaweed and drizzled with a savory barbeque-like sauce...what&#39;s not to love?So much terrain that remains to be uncovered including the bacon-wrapped mochi and the honey toast, so expect multiple installments to follow.
Sure I&#39;ve been into Vegas multiple times over the past year, but this was my 1st time to the &#34;Chinatown&#34; area of Las Vegas. And wow, was I surprised at how many different, diverse Asian businesses there are! From Kbbq to pho to sushi + beyond, all of the choices just makes Vegas even more appealing in my eyes, haha! We decided on Ichiza, an Izakaya-style Japanese restaurant, this time at my friend&#39;s recommendation, + it was yummy! When we arrived around midnight to this 2nd floor place in an unsuspecting strip mall, there was a 30 min wait to be seated in the little restaurant. With a seating capacity of 60 ppl, it was packed, but my friend said it was worth the wait. They have a set menu of over 100 items plus an abundant amount of hand-written notes on the wall with additional menu items of all different sorts. This is definitely not your typical Japanese restaurant, but judging by the employees working there + the crowd eating there, it seems to be pretty legit. It&#39;s not one of those places that would ever need to advertise or spiffy up w/ new decor if you know what I mean since it&#39;s all good how it is. Most of the items on the menu are about $5 or under for a small skewer or piece of that item, which means you have the opportunity to dabble + sample a great variety of their unique dishes. In total we ordered 9 items for the 3 of us plus the oh-so-popular Honey Toast for dessert. (See my photos!)Pretty much everything tasted good + I was surprised considering a lot of this was pretty new to me. Like who even knew that something like mochi wrapped in bacon even existed?! Some dishes like the spinach + enoki dish were on the oily side, but they were worth trying for sure. I definitely want to come back here another time to try out a few more of the billion unique items on the walls. Word of caution, though, that it does all add up pretty fast. Our total was over $60 in the end, which isn&#39;t all that bad considering we&#39;re in Vegas... but still. I hadn&#39;t drank enough at that point to shrug it off + not take notice.The service was pretty quick in the beginning, but then it started to die down later in the wee hours as the line out the door dwindled. I&#39;m sure the waitresses were all getting pretty tired at that point since Ichiza seems to be a late night hotspot, but it shouldn&#39;t have to take frantic waving to get refills on water. Parking is a decent-sized lot in front of the strip mall + getting here was no problem from The Strip.
Beef salad: beef part is ok, salad part only has some dry lettus and onion, not very juicy nor interesting. I asked for lime juice and it made a good difference, still, some veriety of salas like cucumber and a different type of (juicier crunchier) lettus would be better. Phad Thai doesn&#39;t have peanut sauce, not as sweet as other places, which I like. Family style service, waitress talk loud with regulars. Not a lot of room for sit down, heard phone rang a few times, must have good take-out business.
Felt like staying in for one of my nights in Vegas. Picked up some food to go from Ichiza so that I can enjoy some nom noms while lounging in front of the TV or from the balcony at the hotel room. I picked up some: * tsuku - chicken meat balls* sabamiso - mackarel with miso marinated* kan - beef tongue* kakiagi - eel roll* ramen dx* shrimp tempura bowlLoved it all! They packaged it well to stay fresh and enjoyed the same as if ordered for dine in. Dine in also includes more food options -- just check out the specials they have posted on the walls. Worth a trip off the strip.
Another cool izakaya restaurant in Vegas that offers delicious grilled skewers and Japanese bar tapas. I love the food selection that they offer here but the menu is scattered all over the walls and they don&#39;t have a specials menu, so unless you are a regular then you don&#39;t know all the specialties that they offer. So the best thing to do is look at the walls to find what you might be interested in, because those are the best. You also can&#39;t go wrong with the skewers that they have.
Been going for a long time! I just love the Japanese style tapas. I love getting their rice bowls and the tuna tar tar. I&#39;m not sure if I spelled that right lol but it&#39;s sooooooo good! I highly recommend. The price is really inexpensive too. They are open late but the downfall is that it gets really packed on weekends!
I&#39;m sorry... I didn&#39;t think this place was the cat&#39;s meow...Honey Toast = Innovative, but it&#39;s just Japanese toast with honey drizzled on top and an scoop of ice cream. Tasty, but easily created at home if you have a Chinese or Japanese bakery near you. Yellowtail TarTar = Good, but nothing to write home about. TarTar served on a chip was probably huge 10 years ago. Still good today.Fish tasted fresh. I&#39;ll be back to try more items.
Not sure why it comes up as a sushi bar??? Its really not where I would come for sushi.But....The Kushi Tan  is INCREDIBLE!!! As for the Bacon wrapped Mochi I wish the bacon could have been cooked a little more the second time eating there.But the Beef Carpaccio Deeeee-lish, oooh and the Garlic Bokchoy! and the Honey Toast Yummm I know from the pics on here it looks burnt but really it&#39;s not.Pretty good place but you have to know where to find it too!
WOW! I am so happy I finally tried this restaurant. I love Ramen but not enough to go out and eat it other than my house. But oh my golly gosh, their food was amazingly delicious. We ordered the Tom Yum soup (should be called Tom Yummy!), Beef Bowl (I finally found a place where I can get a Yoshinoya type of beef bowl. Finally!) and Crab Fried Rice. All delicious. I have tried other ramen places but their broth here was soooo good. I definitely recommend. The only reason why I gave it a 4 star is because of their customer service. We came early (about 4:15 pm, they opened at 5 pm) and it was very windy &amp; cold afternoon.... they saw us outside the door with my 7 year old daughter, they didn&#39;t even bother to let us customers in since it was crazy windy &amp; cold outside. If I were them, I would up my customer service game and let the customers in at 4:45... get comfy, give them water and start taking orders at 5 pm. But that&#39;s just me. There were about 3 parties waiting outside, we were all totally disappointed how the hostess treated us. Plus, the tall one didn&#39;t crack a smile the whole time. Every time we said &#34;thank you&#34;, she would just walk away annoyed. Other than that, I would definitely recommend to eat here.
One of the best Sushi restaurants in Las Vegas! Everything about this place is awesome, from the service and food to it&#39;s location (lots of other stores to visit). If you know that you can order off the menu, it&#39;s awesome! There wasn&#39;t one bad dish at all, everything that we ordered was just awesome. That honey toast though...topped off my night...it was THAT good...
Great food.  Good prices.  Be prepared to wait a long time.Ichiza is a nice place to go for an early or late dinner.  It&#39;s not so good during peak hours because you will wait a long time.  The food is not quite 5 stars but I think it&#39;s my fault because there are so many menu choices that I didn&#39;t know what was best to order.  Also, my expectations were super high after reading all the stellar reviews. I&#39;m still a fan because the flavor of the food was good, there&#39;s enough menu variety that I need to come back and the value is fantastic.  Ramen had a nice broth and the uni was fresh as well as the few fish dishes we ordered. The honey toast was delicious. Service was good.
We went here late at night and it was very busy but a spot was open for me and my boyfriend right away. I loved the interior. It was super cute and homey. They even took their shoes off in the back where they sat on low benches. It was perfect! Everything is fairly priced and good portions. There were so many things we wanted to try but we didn&#39;t want to order too much &amp; not be able to finish it all! We ordered the seaweed salad, salmon sashimi, spicy tuna rolls, beef tataki, the big amazing cut up squid, &amp; chicken wings on a skewer. The salmon sashimi was soooo tender. It tasted so fresh &amp; it just melted in my mouth. Yum! I have no complaints about anything I ate here &amp; the service was very quick &amp; our waitress was nice, fast, kept our waters filled, &amp; made sure all of our plates were cleared off our table as soon as we finished each one. I had an awesome experience here &amp; I can not wait to return &amp; try more items on their menu!
The original izakaya in Vegas - used to be filled with smoke and hour long waits!Quality of the food&#39;s gone down a tad since they first opened, since there&#39;s a million things on the menu now, but it&#39;s still one of my more favorite japanese places to visit - especially late night! Some of the more favorite dishes to order - hamachi tar tar, hamachi with jalapeños, uni with ponzu, garlic chicken gizzards, fried oysters (seem to be seasonal), gyu don (was amazing when they first opened, now-a-days seems like the microwave variety).Haven&#39;t really had any sushi or rolls here, as there are better places for that - same goes for the ramen and stuff.  Stick to the goodies and specials written on the walls and some main-stays on the menus and it will be a great time!Oh, and drink lots.  Cheers! :)
Probably one of my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Environment: the restaurant is very traditional, they have table seating, bar seating, and a large table where you sit pretty close to the floor. The restaurant is very social where people can enjoy good food, but also have some sake and beer. Every time I have been here, there has been some groups that are drinking pretty hard (I can&#39;t like, it is probably me every other time)Service: they don&#39;t have too many waiters or chefs, but they all work really hard and bring the food out quickly as well as get to your table to get new order and provide you with water. Food: I absolutely love the food here. It really reminds me of Japan. They have a variety of options, and similar to restaurants in Asia, their menu is everywhere from the menu in the booklet to the ones on the wall. Also don&#39;t get appalled when you see the menu, the food is also faded in the picture so it is hard to imagine what food you are ordering. I usually order a lot here, and with the tapas nature, you can try a lot of food. Everything here is super fresh and I love the sake here, doesn&#39;t have that soy sauce taste. Overall, I suggest everyone to try this restaurant whether you are from or visiting Vegas. It is a great spot to socialize and enjoy different foods. The price is pretty fair for it&#39;s quality as well. Definitely worth trying!
Always down for Japanese pub food. Everything we ordered was pretty good, doesn&#39;t seem like you can go wrong here. My only bit of feedback would be collapsing the sushi menu, instead it&#39;s pasted on walls throughout the place..-_- Service is quick and great, really good yakitori!
This place is great if you got the munchies late at night. The restaurant is a Japanese izakaya style restaurant so the food comes in smaller portions. Here are some dishes I highly recommend: Beef Tataki, Yellow Tail Tartar, and Beef Tongue Stew, just to name a few. The atmosphere is very relaxed and casual and it&#39;s a great place to hang out with a small group of friends. The only thing is that this place fills up fast so its probably best to get there early.
Food looked bomb but it wasn&#39;t even that good.. The Red Snapper Carpaccio wasn&#39;t fresh, I was really disappointed. I&#39;d say Raku is way better.
For yakitori lovers, this place is for you.Try their beef tongue, beef livers, beef tataki, grilled salmon belly, grilled mackerel, and garlic chicken gizzards.For dessert, get honey toast ;)Casual eats. Either go early when they first open or go very late to avoid long wait because this place is packed!
Went here from my brother&#39;s recommendation. We had came from a late night of drinking and relaxing at one of Wynn&#39;s bar/lounge and got really hungry. We decided to head over here to eat some small bites and sashimi. We ordered more than we thought. It wasn&#39;t very busy on a Saturday night at 12am; however, once we sat down and started to order more people came in. We got a variety of food like the shrimp fried rice, chicken gizzard, tuna sashimi, and grilled squid to name some. I really enjoyed the grilled squid, chicken gizzard, and tuna sashimi. We actually ordered two of the tuna. Very good. The fried rice was yummy as well. I enjoyed eating these small Japanese bites cause it just fills you up at the right amount as compared to going to ayce sushi places where you&#39;re obligated to eat as much as you can. The tuna was fresh and delicious!! Again, we order two of them because it was just that good. The interesting thing about this dish was the raw quail egg on top. When you mix it up and let it settle down on to the tuna, then you take a bite of all those flavors together, oh goodness it was delicious! Another I forgot to mention was the yellow tail sashimi!! We also order two orders of that as well. Definitely must get dishes!
it&#39;s good food.  i mean, great food considering it&#39;s in vegas.  i come here all the time - relaxed atmosphere, nice waitresses, cool sushi chef, expansive menu.  i recommend karapeno rice and curry udon with beef on it.  you&#39;re probably looking at about 15-30 for dinner.  10-15 for lunch.
HATE  Found a small bug crawling on the bar once.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  The desserts. The grilled squid. The jumbo meat patty. The grilled chicken salad. The ramen. The daily specials.LOVE  The fried rice. The Banzai Bunny sake. The deep fried menu items.
I love coming to place. If you wanna come to someplace where you wanna be seen, you have come to the right place. They have menus on the wall as well as the menus that they hand out to you when you are being seated. The ambiance is great with the busy-ness of the waitresses seating people and taking orders, to the cooks  clanging kitchen utensils as they are preparing your next meal, the loud chattering of the people. Sounds like music to my ears. This is one the first places that my husband had taken me out when we were dating. (awwee! :-) ). Since, I am a big fan of sashimi I always start out with the tofu salad with tuna sashimi. This is a great dish!  and a large order of their sashimi platter. My husband orders half a bowl of ramen with vegetables. We normally finish off our meal with sapporro and for desert honey toast.
I love Yakitori with the passion of a thousand skewers and Ichiza gives me my Yakitori fix, effortlessly. I won&#39;t beat around the bush and admit that you will encounter some misses here, but the hits definitely outweigh them. This is an uber casual, à la carte, Japanese Izakaya style dining restaurant, with everything served on tapas-like portions. They also typically get pretty full during weekend dinner rush hour but we have never waited longer than 10 minutes.  We typically get seated at the giant family style table with other patrons.My recommendation is to stick with the Yakitori items and steer clear of the specials that are trendy, &#34;gimmicky&#34; dishes, some of them are terrible. I never pass up on ordering a comforting miso soup and an assortment of Yakitori/ skewers of grilled goodies. Here are my favorites:* Bacon wrapped asparagus - you can never go wrong with bacon wrapped items!* Chicken meatballs $1.65 - very juicy and drenched in a slightly sweet Yakitori sauce* Chicken - simple grilled chicken on a skewer, but a nice filler* Shishito pepper $1.50 - super simple, but we are shishito fans* Okra - super simple as well, but we are okra lovers* Quail Egg - very simple, but great flavor and fun to eat* Most tender Beef tongue $2.50 - my absolute favorite thing here! Grilled perfectly, very succulent and slightly sweetOther items I love:* Spicy tuna roll $5.95 - basic roll, but also a tasty way to get satisfied* Miso soup $1.50 - I love their miso soup here! Always piping hot and very chunky with tofu and seaweed* Seared salmon and shiso wrapped with salmon - a wonderful, refreshing combination of flavors* Ankimo with ponzu - (monk fish liver) super fresh and buttery* Uni with ponzu - very fresh and naturally sweetThe SKIP list:* Deep fried chow mein  $7.95 - This item is nasty! Not appetizing in the slightest. The gravy was too gooey and scary-looking. I also couldn&#39;t get over how bland it was, it almost tasted like someone randomly tossing things onto the plate with dish water and that&#39;s not even the worst part, the fried udon noodles were dry and had a teeth shattering consistency?!* Veggie croquette $4.50 - it was extremely bland, chunky, with unwelcome hard bits, and lacking the smoother consistency we&#39;ve come to love in Japanese croquettes. * Yellow-tail tartare - Super thick and hard wonton chips sandwiched with a ton of dense rice in between and the tiniest portion of yellow tail. The flavor was lost in all of the rice.
Refreshing food in the desert heat!  however service is as slow as molasses.The GOOD:Yellow tail tar tar- my FAVORITE DISH of the meal. there was tempura crackers with rice and pico de gallo in the middle, with raw yellow tail bits spread on top, with a yummy tangy (ponzu?) sauce.  there was just lots of textures and flavors to this dish which kept it interesting with every bite.Tuna Tofu Salad- a refreshing hawaiian style poke salad with soft tofu (like the corean kind you would find in soup)  a great change from all the meat and steaks that you get on the stripThe OK:Red Snapper Carpaccio- as decent as sushi can get, when you are in the desert.  the bed of veggies it came on was nice and cripsy and soaked up just the right amount of ponzu sauceBeef Tongue Stirfry- it actually come out on a sizzling stoneware. OMG lots of garlic!  i love fried garlic chips in my food, its always a great addition.  the tongue meat is super lean, however it is pretty tough to chew. The MEH:Mini okominoyaki- took very long to cook and still turned out very eggy like an omelette instead of a pancake.  Good flavor with the bacon ( Japanese pork belly sliced thin and not cured or salty like the american one), sauce, and gingerService was almost unbearably slow for a small place with 2-3 hostess or servers. good luck trying to get your check or get your server&#39;s attention.  they look your way but pretend not to see you.Overall however, this is a great place if you want to get away from all the steaks and butter
Man, that DX miso-based ramen... So delish =] it comes with a bunch of veggies, seaweed and half an egg and some beef. The normal portion was pretty filling, and they also offer a half size. The dumplings come steaming hot, and if you like fried tofu, I would recommend trying it. The honey toast dessert is huge..
You know you are at a hole in the wall authentic Japanese eatery, when the staff converse in their native language, and their English is difficult to understand. I have to use my super-awesome skill of &#34;pointing&#34;, not at the words but at the pictures. I learned that in grade school, so proud of myself. :)Ramen and Sashimi where above average but not exceptional. Huge selection of menu items, tofu and fish dishes are very good and very authentic. Must order miso butterfish and grilled salmon belly! Will definitely be back soon.
Had the pleasure to eat here again after a few years of not going to Vegas.We had the following:- Soft shell crab (excellent)- Tuna sashimi salad (very good)- Beef tataki (very good)- Uni with Mochi (EXCELLENT AND YUMMY!!!)- Green Tea ice cream (very good)- Honey Toast with ice cream (very good)We sat at the bar and had a great time, met a new friend, Glen Morikawa, had a beer and a few laughs!  The food is excellent and reasonably priced.  Our dinner was under $40 (including tip) for the two of us.If you&#39;re looking for an excellent Izakaya restaurant in Vegas, try Ichiza, you&#39;ll like it.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  The restaurant is small, so be prepared to wait if you go during busy times.Xie Xie!!!
First time eating this type of Japanese food and it was great!  The food was fresh and the service was excellent.  We flew into Vegas for a business trip and my wife wanted to eat here.  It was simply a great experience.  When we were eating, we talked to a bunch of locals and they too raved about how great the place is.  I definitely recommend this place for Japanese tapas!
Very authentic. Price was amazing. I got ramen which was ehh, but I think the other more authentic/eccentric Japanese food is probably better. Service was almost nonexistent though.
On our most recent Vegas trip, we came here for lunch twice in 3 days!  Amazing food, amazing value, and totally worth the cab ride or drive if you like Japanese food - it&#39;s just a 5-10 minute drive straight down Spring Mountain Rd.Between our two meals, we had: Agedashi tofu ($4.75)Buttered clams ($6.50)Half ramen with vegetables ($4.95) Uni and ponzu served in a hollowed out lemon with cucumber ($6.50)Tofu salad with tuna sashimi ($8.50)Deep fried small prawns ($5)Salmon and ikura salad ($6.95)Boiled cold spinach with sesame sauce ($2.75)Everything was amazing.  The food quality is outstanding, and the portions are larger than I expected.  The half ramen was a great choice, as it was delicious enough to make it worth the stomach space, but small enough that I could share it with Mom and still eat a bunch of other things.  It has a miso broth with a smoky pork taste, and comes loaded with green onion, menma, cabbage, wakame, and bean sprouts.  The sauces for the agedashi tofu and buttered clams were ridiculous - we had to order a bowl of white rice so we could eat it all.  My mom was ecstatic over the uni and ponzu, and I was impressed by the amount of ikura and salmon that $6.95 bought us.This place is definitely unique - the specials are scrawled on paper rectangles and tacked onto the walls, so it&#39;s a little difficult to figure out what to order if it&#39;s your first time.  Luckily, we remembered a few things that we liked from last trip.  We also managed to avoid the busy dinner crowd by coming for late lunch on weekdays (around 2:30 or 3 pm).  It started to fill up around 4:30 pm.  The green tea was nice and dark, and during happy hour (2-5 pm), Kirin draft is $1.95.  Can&#39;t go wrong with that!  I will absolutely be back multiple times next time I&#39;m in Vegas.
Okay, for real people, I never thought I&#39;d find such a gem in Vegas! Our friends invited us to Ichiza and boy were we pleasantly surprised. Back in Hawaii izakaya eateries are common, being heavily influenced by Japanese culture and all, so I did not expect a GOOD authentic izakaya restaurant like this, in Vegas! I honestly loved the food and atmosphere and would not hesitate to eat here again and again.Anyway, we ordered a ton of food. No nigiri sushi here, or at least the night we visited, but the sashimi and grilled items were so delicious. I won&#39;t list everything but these were my faves: beef tataki, hamachi sashimi, pork belly w/ shiso skewers, red snapper carpaccio, miso butterfish, pork ramen, grilled garlic, and shiokara. There was so much more from the menu that I wanted to try but I could not fit any more food in my tummy!Prices are really reasonable compared to other izakaya-style places I&#39;ve been to. And the cozy atmosphere made me feel right at home. It was a busy night, but the waitresses were really friendly and helpful. Will see you soon, Ichiza!
come here for dinner! the menu for lunch is limitedyou know those restaurants that put a twist on common dishes? this is one of them! and you have to try it. best spider roll i&#39;ve ever had. i am coming back to try the dinner menu fsho
I am adding Ichiza to my list of favorite Japanese restaurants. DH and I went here for dinner @ 8pm on a Friday night. I was anticipating a long wait but when we got there, we were immediately seated at the sushi bar/counter. Im glad that I checked Yelp for suggestions before coming here since their menu is practically plastered all over the walls of the restaurant!We ordered the Shrimp Fried Rice, Sakana roll, Uni in Ponzu Sauce, Mochi wrapped in Bacon, Fried whole Garlic, Chicken and Gizzard Yakitori.The Uni and Sakana were sooooo good and by far are my 2 favorites from Ichiza. The Garlic was not strong and tasted really good with the salty paste it was served with. The chicken and mochi skewers were very tasty and moist!Of course we have saved room for their famous Honey Toast which was absolutely to die for! The honey and vanilla ice cream were a perfect combination on top of the big crunchy chunk of bread.This place also gives me a happy vibe and combining that with the good food for a great price, Ichiza earns 5 stars from me :)We will be coming back to try other items on their menu the next time we are in Vegas!
On the second floor of a strip mall off of Spring Mountain and Arville in the Chinatown area has a great Japanese restaurant called Icheza.The restaurant is rarely slow.  That tells you that this place is doing something right!  Best time to avoid having to wait an hour or two is to come in right when they open at 4pm or really late night before they close.  On a Friday or Saturday night, even late night sometimes the place is crowded.  You get a wide variety of people, a mix of young and old.  I have met poor collegestudents to a CEO of a Japanese company eating at the Icheza sushi bar.The prices are reasonable!  You can order many dishes for around $5.  Two people have a nice dinner for $40.Most of the staff are Japanese.  This helps give Icheza a unique feel of an actual Japanese restaurant in Japan.  To American standards, Icheza&#39;s dining area is small.  There is one &#34;sharing&#34; table that seats up to 10 people, six tables for 4, two Japanese style tables where you take off your shoes that seat 8 and a sushi bar that seats 12.With the limited seating, make sure to call in a reservation if you are planning on eating during prime time or take your chances.  Odds are, you will be waiting at least an hour.  The staff is friendly but busy.  Give Icheza a try!
I haven&#39;t been here in a few years and expected the same level of service and quality of food. However, yesterday, we came here, was seated at a crammed area even though the place was quite empty at first. We requested to move and it wasn&#39;t a problem. However, the waitress was so unfriendly, and couldn&#39;t understand English well it seems. We had a hard time asking for room temperature water, so we just gave up and asked for water with no ice (which still was cold, but it&#39;s not a big deal). Then, the waitress never once came by to take our order. Other servers never walked by either, despite me trying to flag them down. Sitting there looking confused, one of the chefs looked at us and said, &#34;I can&#39;t take your order.&#34; We placed the order in, and the food arrived relatively quickly. While eating, we see our waitress outside talking on her phone, for a long time. Not once did she check on us, refill our water, or say anything. I had to try to get her attention just to bring the check because she was so disengaged, as if she had something against us. There were less than 10 people (not tables, people) in the restaurant at that time, with about three servers, so being busy would definitely not be a valid excuse. Asides from the horrendous service, I have to say, the food is pretty mediocre compared to other Japanese tapas places. Also, considering the portion and taste of the foods, the dishes are way too pricey.
My vote for the best izayaki restaurants in the Vegas.An incredible find.  As soon as you walk in, you know you&#39;re in for an incredible dining experience.  The clientele is entirely Asian (not being raciest, just stating a fact), the hand written menu is plastered on the walls and the room is loud with people having a good time.A true izayaki.  Meaning, you should order dishes to share.  All of the food matches simple Japanese beer so order a bottle, or two, or three to share and then sample as much as you can possibly eat.The beef tongue is exceptional.  Its so soft and flavorful.  Probably the best thing they serve.  Just don&#39;t tell anyone else what you ordered.  The broiled sanma is fantastic.  Avoid the gyoza and &#34;dumplings&#34;.  They are clearly purchased frozen and reheated.This is a very popular place so expect a wait.  It is also open very late but again, expect a wait for a seat.Amazing!
This is my go-to restaurant whenever I&#39;m in Vegas. The miso cod and the honey toast are a must. The rest is really personal preference. My girlfriend always goes with the hamachi which is decent. Sometimes you have to share the big table if it&#39;s crowded but it&#39;s a good price point for the quality of food.
I love, love, LOVE ICHIZA! It&#39;s like my favorite place to go.  I love the location and how my food&#39;s prepared.  I&#39;ve gone through the years with Ichiza and seen how busy it gets.  Yes, sometimes it gets a little packed and you wait for more than an hour for a table.  But I&#39;ve learned a few things here and there.  Rule#1: ALWAYS CALL to see if they&#39;re busy, and then reserve a table.  Here&#39;s a list of what I always order:- Kimchi Fried Rice- Tar Tar Yellowtail (it&#39;s a hit or miss, either you like it or you don&#39;t. Very tasty in my opinion.)- Stir Fried Pork Udon- Beef Tongue Stew- Maguro Tataki - Buta KimchiI really don&#39;t know what authentic tastes like, but in my standards I say it&#39;s authentic LOL.  It&#39;s better if you eat with a group of friends, it&#39;s more a sharing type of deal because it gets really expensive if you&#39;re eating by yourself.  Oh also, always bring CASH because if you&#39;re eating with a big group they can only split the check 2 ways.
Ichiza, hope its just not me but everything I&#39;ve heard about Ichiza I just can&#39;t agree with. You either absolutely love it or you just hate it. I wouldn&#39;t say I hated this place more on the side of I expected more from a place so hyped. Obviously this place is over hyped. Japanese Dishes: 3/5 I ordered a Gyu don (beef bowl $5.50) I love Japanese beef bowls with a side of Mapo Tofu (spicy tofu $4.15). I wasn&#39;t too impressed by their recipe. Most mapo Tofu&#39;s I&#39;ve tried are spicy and the sauce is a bit thick but at ichiza I felt it was really bland and soupy. The Gyu don tasted like a beef bowl, not a Japanese beef bowl it didn&#39;t taste authentic, I also felt like something was missing. The portions were also pretty small. Sushi: 4/5 After reading a few reviews I thought I&#39;d try the deep fried California roll. I&#39;m not much of a roll person or a deep fried person and California rolls aren&#39;t even sushi. BUT it was actually pretty good, I also ordered the Dragon roll which was OVER SAUCED. Its suppose to be eel,cucumbers, and avocado drizzled with eel sauce for a bit of color and flavor, but I think they went sauce happy on my roll. Alcohol: 5/5 The famous sake bombs at Ichiza, I suggest don&#39;t come here if its a date or a small group. Ichiza is known for big groups of drunks at their low tables slamming on the table doing sake bombs all night long!Seating: 4/5 I like Ichiza&#39;s Japanese style ambiance. You can get seated around the bar (which doesn&#39;t give you much elbow room next to the person beside you) or at their tables. I love their low Japanese tables its something you have to try at least once. Wait: 3/5 The wait here can be pretty long up to 45 min depending on the time and day you you. On the weekends I know this place gets pretty busy and it&#39;s small so seating is limited. Expect a wait.
Yellowtail Tar Tar! Need I say more?! I could eat this all day. ALL DAY!! I came here quite awhile ago so I can&#39;t really remember all that I ate but I DO remember THAT much. Just come here for that!! Nom nom! Oooh and the sashimi was VERY good too! Fresh and delicious tasting! I think they keep getting shut down by the SNHD though so......
Sweet Baby Jesus... try the honey toast. Trust me, just try it.I&#39;m having honey toast withdrawal symptoms already and it&#39;s only been a couple days.
I love izakaya and this place didn&#39;t disappoint.Let&#39;s see, we had about 10 items in total? The calamari was humongous, pan fried udon was great, my friend had the mackerel which he liked despite having to pick bones that he inevitably bitched about, I had a tofu wrap thing over bean sprouts that was great, yakitori/gizzard was awesome, etc. My only complaint was this sashimi thing with yam that was a little disappointing. It tasted kinda bland. What else? Oh, their menu is enormous and they even have stuff plastered on the wall, which we wished we had seen originally! yeah, they don&#39;t give you a heads up which is strange. But overall, great food good atmosphere. And it opens late.
pros: open late, friendly service, lots of choicescons: food was below average, had to look all over the place to see what they offerordered: wagyu beef carpacio, hamachi sashimi, fried quail eggs, japanese beef patty, crab fried rice, uni in ponzo, cheese egg rolls, honey toast
Amazing japanese tapas at a little hide-away in Chinatown. Great food, fresh sushi and awesome drinks. Not overly priced, definitely affordable compared to restaurants on the strip and the decor and atmosphere were quite authentic like any Izakaya you would experience in Japan. Great little gem if you have a car in Vegas and can drive out to Spring Mountain road. It&#39;s not far at all, less than 5 minute ride from Wynn.
This is by far my favorite restaurant in vegas....so far! I&#39;ve been looking high and low for a good izakaya here and when my friend took me to this nice hole in the wall, i was instantly in love! My favorite dishes were the beef tongue skewers and the squid-natto-uni roll!!! Not only were the dishes to die for, the service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server was on it! I&#39;d highly recommend this restaurant for those who love izakaya!
Inexpensive and yummy. Who knew there was such Japanese food in Vegas? I didn&#39;t. Is it because I don&#39;t visit Vegas often enough? Or is it because I don&#39;t venture away from the strip? Well I&#39;m glad I did this time, otherwise, I would have seriously missed out on some great tapas style Japanese food. The ramen was amazing. One of the best that I&#39;ve ever had in the US. I tried this tuna mochi thing that just melted in my mouth. I didn&#39;t even know there was tuna mochi. Did you? The moment I saw it I thought I must&#39;ve been living in a food bubble all this time (even though my food bubble is probably way bigger than a lot others). I also wanted to try the uni mochi but it was sold out. I&#39;m guessing that is a popular dish too. I can&#39;t ever dine at a Japanese restaurant without ordering salmon sashimi. OMG! It was divine. The fish just melted away in my mouth like butter. I love butter! The desert has fresh fish! I&#39;m impressed. It even taste better than most of the salmon I had at some of the more popular Japanese restaurants in LA. If you ever go to Ichiza, you have to save room for the big block of honey toast dessert. I love bread! I love honey! It was my perfect dessert. Actually it would&#39;ve even been better if I could&#39;ve drizzled some condensed milk over it. I have to go back for more. I only had two bites of the toast. =)I would stay away from the skewers though.
If you&#39;ve ever had your mind blown to bits and pieces by a restaurant experience, then you will know how I felt by going to Ichiza.  I was in Vegas for a wonderful weekend with a group of friends, and honestly, this was the best part of my whole group&#39;s trip.  We drank merrily, soaked up the lively atmosphere, and stuffed our poor tummies with the most delicious of authentic Japanese food.  What a complete treasure, and I am so jealous that I don&#39;t have anything like this in Dallas.  My friends were weary at first, because they were wondering what I was dragging them into.  But I love doing my research before going to a town, just to see where all the locals eat.  I frequent Vegas at least 2 times a year, and although I&#39;ve eaten at the most famous and luxurious restaurants, I really wanted to get off the strip for an authentic and (cheap) meal.  Jackpot.Everything was delicious, from the tofu, to the fish, to the honey bread!  The sushi was wonderfully fresh, and the flavors of every dish we got were amazing.  We will definitely be returning.  The atmosphere, which might seem suspect since it&#39;s in a strip mall, is so charming and quaint.  The service is friendly, and the atmosphere is alive.  It&#39;s like everyone in the restaurant is so happy to be there, enjoying their little kept secret.  I suggest trying a little bit of everything off the menu.  You will not be disappointed.  But order that honey bread early, bc it does take a bit of time.
I&#39;ve ordered a bunch of items here, and they were all consistently good on different occasions.  I highly recommend stopping here if you&#39;re craving good non-buffet food.
casual vegas dinner away in chinatown...upstairs plaza second floor...yakitori in izakaya fashion...beers, sake and shochu...japanese small plates dining...a pitcher of beer while browsing...standard skewers...beef tongue chewy, but not tough...hamachi kama juicy and meaty...large rolls fat for sharing...average in presentation, quality and taste...another pitcher of beer washing...wings, bacon wrapped mochi, agadashi tofu and additional skewers...standard izakaya selection...nothing memorable in presentation or taste, but cheap!...finish and back to the strip!
my wife knows vegas better than my hometown and shes not from vegas, sad huh? she took me to this joint after catching the mgm jabbawockeez show. what a great place to get our japanese grub-on late in the evening!i tried out the Tar Tar Yellow Tail - i love yellow tail sushi, but this was the weakest dish. no flavor and weird texture. if this were better, i would have given Ichiza 5 star baby!chicken skewers - they were on the money. right flavor and cooked welli sampled my wifes udon bowl - the noodles were magnificent and i&#39;m not a soup person. i wish i had more room in my belly for my own bowl of udon to eat.Buta Kimchi (stir fried kimchi/pork) - this was so grubbing. they had the right ratio of pork to kimchi - we have a winner - starts randomly punching the airHoney Toast - yea. sweet. crunch, softness. so good it will put you to sleep. this is the deal to get if your significant other has a sweet tooth. pow pow
My favorite Japanese restaurant. I love everything here! I have to stop here every time I am in Vegas. The service is excellent. Makes you feel like you&#39;re in Japan. It&#39;s different cuz the menu is posted on the wall throughout the restaurant. Kind of hard to see what&#39;s at the other end. Wide selection of food. Def have to try this lace if you&#39;re in Vegas.
WARNING: The cushions on their chairs/booths are disgusting. Mystery spills and stains and and who knows WHAT ELSE(!!) all over their once white cushions. Ichiza.. please replace your cushions for the love of god.NOW FOR THE FOOD!GIZZARDS: super chewy, but nicely seasoned.DEEP FRIED BABY SPANISH MACKEREL: I think they gave us about 20 of these things. We dipped them in their spicy mayo concoction. Not bad, not bad at all.SPIDER ROLL, SPICY TUNA ROLL: Meh. Nothing spectacular. I found them pretty mediocre, even though fresh.UNI &amp; SQUID ROLL (WITH NATTO): First, the uni was good, so was the squid, but the natto was awful. The spider-webby feeling was difficult to swallow. The smell was rancid. And under the uni was this raw potato mush that was super gooey. Definitely not my favourite.RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO: Not bad.. but it had that potato goo again. Bleh.YELLOWTAIL TARTARE: If you&#39;ve been reading about this here on Yelp, you need to know this is like a Mexican-inspired tartar. The tuna is mixed with avocado and placed atop a fried tortilla sandwiching sushi rice and some fresh pico de gallo. It is a strange combo but it works. Really well.UNI SASHIMI: Delicious. Fresh. Tasty. BUTTER OF THE SEA! For $6.75 you get about six pieces of good uni. I was impressed.HONEY TOAST: Man. We devoured this friggin thing. The bread was perfect - had that chew you need to sop up the honey/butter/melty iced cream, and the outside was toasted nicely. Mmm.. thinking about it makes me want it.Pricing: fairService: goodPlace gets packed.. even after 9pm on a Thursday night.P.S. Have fun reading their menu!!
Nice place to stop by for some quick bites. Of course I had to get the honey box toast which is amazing and so was the yellowtail tartare. Menu is kinda confusing though because they have things posted on the walls and they only serve items on a skewer for dinner:/. The place smells kinda weird though and seating is very limited.
We absolutely love this place. Every time we are in Vegas, we make a habit of dining here!The restaurant is always clean, including the restroom. They are ALWAYS packed! Fortunately we arrived before the 5:00 opening so we were seated as the door opened. Service was pretty fast. We were sitting at the &#39;bar&#39; and it was pretty overwhelming. It looks pretty unorganized and the chefs are cooking and plating at record speed. Okay here&#39;s the hard part... Yes, you&#39;re given a menu. However, they have a wall menu. I&#39;m not talking one little area. Like the entire restaurant is a menu. It&#39;s kinda intimidating yet interesting. It can be a bit intrusive to other diners that are gawking at menu options hanging in their &#39;personal space.&#39; The area was really tight and I think if they would&#39;ve known how much food we were going to order they would&#39;ve seated us at the table. It worked and whatever operation procedures they follow, WORKS! I really don&#39;t think I need to even discuss the food! It&#39;s great! My family was in heaven! Prices are crazy cheap for practically everything. Shhh, maybe I shouldn&#39;t say that. Please, don&#39;t raise the price! Soooo, just go! Let your guard down and experiment!
The front of the house is a mess now. I went in last night and nobody greeted me for over five minutes. I tried to say &#34;hello&#34; and was ignored. I don&#39;t know why it takes two people to figure out one person&#39;s order but you should leave one person to at least acknowledge people that enter. I&#39;ve also had issues in the recent last few months with erroneous charges on my check here. I&#39;d still eat here, but be prepared to be patient.
Had a fat tuesday before coming here so don&#39;t judge me...BUT BEEF BOWL. THAT IS MY LIFE. BEEF BOWL. I WILL NEVER COME TO VEGAS AND NOT HAVE A BEEF BOWL. The beef is perfection, the beef bowl is kind of like a donburi? It has onions, and obviously meat with some type of marinated sauce in it along with the rice. It mixes all so perfectly together... I miss it already. My cousin Joey had the ramen and she said it wasn&#39;t bad at all since we are both ramen connoisseurs. The prices here are very reasonable, the quality tastes way more than it costs and the service is just great. They are open late and they are very consistent with the food and the service.
It seems like there are really no shortage of Japanese good eats in Vegas area. Newly added to my favorite off the strip dining list is this lovely Izakaya restaurant Ichiza.The menu is fairly standard and not overwhelming. On top of the transitional izakaya small plates and yakitori skewers, you can also find some kitchen entree, ramen and sushi rolls. Bento style meals are offered during happy hour.Price is very reasonable and the quality of the food is good. Honey toast is a must try if you never had it elsewhere. Imagine a loaf of soft bread, toasted, drenched in butter, honey and topped with two scoops of ice cream... THAT was sinfully gratifying.
As much as I love Ichiro of the Mariners, after my meal here my new Vegas chant is ICHIZA! ICHIZA! ICHIZA! What an astounding value for the quality of food! Yes, the yakitori and deep fried menu here is not as extensive as that of izakayas in LA. Nor did I think the items were grilled as well and the proteins were not as good. But they more than make up for this by the seemingly endless pieces of paper advertising &#34;special&#34; menu items all over the restaurant. We got: Red Snapper Carpaccio - excellent, refreshing start to the meal. Sauteed spinach with enoki mushroom and garlic butter - the sauce was not overly buttery, this was the favorite dish of one of the diners. Agedeshi tofu - the weakest dish of the bunch, there was no crispy skin to be found here. 4 orders of chicken wings (yakitori). 1 order of beef tongue (yakitori). 4 king oyster mushrooms wrapped in crsipy chicken skin. 1 order of deep fried quail egg. 1 special sushi cut roll (eel, spicy tuna, deep fried shrimp over caliroll). 1 beer. 1 brick of honey toast - yummy! and their only dessert. And how much did that cost us? SIXTY FREAKIN DOLLARS!!! That&#39;s $10 more than what we paid PER PERSON for a mediocre brunch on the strip the next day. Beer is served up in a frosty mug for $3.75! Look around you and you will see hotel chefs grubbin down. A great sign. And a great meal. Added bonus: we told the server it was my cousin&#39;s birthday AND bachelorette party, and a few minutes later the lights were dimmed and two cute servers bring us out the brick toast with a sparkler inside and they sang us happy birthday. Nice way to end a great meal that was easy on the wallet.
Great place for a multitude of selections. I always come here specifically for honey toast. If I get any items I get the butterfish cod with small steamed rice and butter corn. Occasionally I get a croquette because they&#39;re croquettes are so delicious. My boyfriend got a deluxe ramen and a spicy tuna roll. He loved their spicy tuna roll. Normally we eat AYCE sushi, but he would pay out of pocket for their spicy tuna roll plus their wasabi game is too strong and we&#39;re a huge fan of spicy wasabi.
Gets worse every time I come here.  The only reason I keep coming back is because of the food.  Service is horrendous. I was completely ignored. My food forgotten. Please please train your staff better. An appetizer dish should not be brought out after dessert. (restaurant wasn&#39;t even busy)
Great Japanese food at a great price.  I&#39;ve been here a couple times with my fiancee.  Whenever I&#39;m in Vegas I try to stop by.  You can find a lot of interesting dishes that you won&#39;t see at most Japanese restaurants.  Be adventurous! I&#39;ve just ordered what ever was on the specials board and I&#39;ve never disappointed.  This restaurant is proof of  the universal law, &#34;anything with bacon is good&#34;.  I also liked the dessert with the bread and ice cream.
In light of our upcoming Vegas trip, it reminds me that I need to review this place.  Came upon this place for late night eats and OMG, this place seriously blows my mind.  On our last trip, we made at least 2-3 stops here for grub after drinking.  I would say I was a lil buzzed one night, but the other nights, we were just hungry and looking for grub!  Even when you are full as s#&amp;8#t, you still wanna come here!  Their food is just amazing!  I love me some Udon noodle soup and I will eat this dish be it on a hot day or a cold chilly night.  They have an Udon dish on their menu, but that&#39;s not what I had wanted so I simply asked them for beef udon and they gladly said they would make it for me.  Man, something about the broth of the soup, the beef so tender, the texture of the noodles just right.  It was definitely amazeballs!  Of course, from the first night in getting this dish, I got it repeatedly after that.  I&#39;m so looking forward to another bowl on the next trip.  Drool!  We also ordered a special sushi roll from the wall menu, I don&#39;t even remember what it&#39;s called now..but it had some bbq eel and some deep fried yam/shrimp thing on top and man it was bomb diggity.  The sushi roll itself and the eel and fried whatever it was went perfect together.  Mouth full of goodness is all I can remember.  We also ordered a couple appetizers as well, I believe one of them may have been the squid dish.  Then as you move onto dessert, you know you gotta get the all time famous honey toast.  A big block of toast, warm, soft and yummy tenderness with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and honey... It is the perfect ending to a great dinner.  Friendly staff, place fills up quick, small joint, reasonable prices, great grub!  Looking forward to seeing you again real soon!
Our table for 8 quickly morphed to 9 on a Saturday night but the good folks at Ichiza didn&#39;t bat an eye. Our party (read: my family) included multiple picky eaters including a person who doesn&#39;t eat seafood and two people who have never eaten Japanese food. Unfathomable, I know. . .Still, with Ichiza&#39;s extensive menu I managed to get an array of plates to please every palette. Even the seafood hater seemed genuinely pleased with his sizzling steak while the rest of us sampled the sushi. This visit to Ichiza was much like a reunion, where the food took a bit of a backseat to catching up with everyone. But one thing I&#39;ll never forget about the meal was the honey toast: a half loaf of bread toasted and hollowed out to accommodate vanilla ice cream with honey on the bottom. Do not leave Ichiza without ordering it!
Actually I don&#39;t know why this place have such good reviews. I came here based on the high Yelp reviews and you all disappointed me!! This place is at best, 2 stars. Vegas has so many japanese restaurants and this was my least favorite. My group came here because we were craving ramen and after all the reviews suggesting the Ichiza Ramen DX, we all got it! Yes all 5 of us and boy did we make a mistake!The ramen in the bowl was awful. It was all stuck together like one big piece of dough. I thought it was only my bowl, but all 5 of us had the same issue. The one piece of pork belly in the bowl was full of fat and a tiny little piece of meat. The broth was super salty and was not flavorful. Should I go on???!The appetizers was mediocre. I didnt realize the baby bokchoy meant a baby&#39;s dish?! literally a tiny portion. I don&#39;t know what else to say here except that I do not recommend. I can talk about all the appetizers I got, but none were really good to waste time reviewing.
yummy authentic japanese bar foodwhat i ate:- garlic gizzards (stir fry) EXCELLENT if you like gizzards and if you like garlic. perfect balance of flavors!- deep fried sweet shrimp: honestly the best bar food ever! perfect crunchy little shrimp that you can pop into your mouth whole! (think of the deep fried head of the sweet shrimp sushi, but bite sized!) the real shrimp chip!- whole grilled squid: perfectly grilled. so flavorful!- broiled fish... sorry i totally forget the name, but its the broiled fish filled with roe. also very tasty- beef tataki: very very tasty! super fresh and flavorful. the beef was amazingly tender- yakitori of beef tongue: not the most tender ive had, but still pretty good- bacon wrapped potato (skewered): perfect hot fluffy potato, wrapped in crispy bacon... whats not to love??- crab fried rice: yummythis was probably the perfect amount of food for two girls.. hahaha jk, this was an enormous amount of food, but ate everything over the course of two hours in combination with four large sapporos. ... we spent almost $100 including a nice tip, so... not cheap, but we did eat and drink quite a bit.pros:- FOOD! if you like japanese food, or are interested in trying something other than the typical sushi, try this place! definitely try to sit at the bar! you can ogle all the food that leaves the kitchen!- service: all the servers were super friendly and cute and attentive... but i think you need to be a bit assertive with the guy at the host stand (i think he was the owner?) so that you can get seated promptly. its not that he was unfriendly, just a bit scattered trying to handle so many different things at once.- decor: cute jap pub feel. homey, not fancy or stuffy, but like your neighborhood place that you go right after work... bathroom was not the cleanest, but the typical pub/bar restroom.- hours: im not used to restaurants being open after 2 (darn LA&#39;s liquor license!), so the closing time surprised me. i guess this is normal so they can accommodate people in the service industry in vegascons:- seating... its a bit odd. since is SMALL i would always call and ask to put your name down on the list. we got there at 830 and still had to wait even though we called ahead. when we left 1030 there was a huge wait! they have two large tables toward the back for larger groups, a number of smaller tables around the perimeter of the place, some bar seating for pairs, and then two large tables in the middle that are communal- parking lot: typical of most asian parking lots - theyre never big enough. dont forget to try driving around to the back- menu on the walls... while i am a big fan of the whole authentic look of a jap pub with &#34;new&#34; menu items on the wall... its an utter PAIN to have to crane your neck, and then squint (cursed with the typical asian trait of myopia) around the room to read items not listed on the menu... im horribly greedy.. i want to know ALL my options, not just the ones i can read. id highly suggest ichiza spend a few more dollars and write up a COMPLETE menu for guests!
I don&#39;t think I&#39;ve ever had a bad dish here. EVERYTHING here is delicious. My favorite dishes had to be:- Tofu with Ponzu sauce: Simple dish but cooked so well. The herbs in the ponzu sauce goes so well with the soft tofu with the crispy shell- Takoyaki: I standard staple food that is well made with a hot center with octopus tentacles with a sweet sauce- Beef Tongue: A tender cut and the seasoning goes well with the meat- Chicken Gizzard: Again, great seasoning and cooked well- Beef Tataki Carpaccio: It was sweet and you will never see raw meat the same again- Brick Toast: Sweeter and creamier than other places that make Brick ToastThere are so many dishes to choose from that I want to try it all! The only questionable item was the Seafood Quesadilla which tasted okay. I am willing to wait in the long line so that I can eat here again and try more of their dishes! (Come early because there is always a long wait).
Ha I finally found this place must have passed it a thousand times. Tucked away on spring mountain is a little gem of a, as my home girl LIL says Izakaya. Food is good though it could all be presented in a menu. You got to go there a few times to figure it all out. Well thought out little entrees right in line with dishes you would probably find walking the streets of Tokyo. I went with a bunch of friends who knew what to order. I orderd a Tofu Avacado Salad most likely because of where I was sat.Very good salad, nice amounts of tofu diced ripe avocado iceburg lettuce leafed with your typical soy vinaigrette.  I likes the little Grilled Mushrooms wrapped in Chicken skin, brilliant! We had some chicken gizzards but I didn&#39;t try. Then we got some Garlic that was roasted and served with miso paste. Funky but some how went real well with a grilled musubi. There was much gooey natto going around. Service was very comfortable and friendly. I&#39;ll come back here for sure. Open till 2am get an extra star.
Food is great as always, however the past few times their service has been horrible. We ordered 6 items at once and each dish came out about 15-20 minutes apart. Between the four of us we were starving.
Two words: honey toast. *o*It was almost closing time around 1am when I came with friends to get some honey toast. When the toast arrived at the table, I was shocked at how ginormous it was!I figured the honey toast would be the size of the brick toast at Guppy, but it&#39;s way better! The ice cream on top just wowed me.I split this with three other people and my portion was more than enough. I savored every single bite. I evened out the ice cream and honey throughout the toast and every single bite was heaven.The toast came out to me around $8, a little pricey in my opinion, but definitely good. I  didn&#39;t get a chance to order food here so I&#39;m not sure what everything else tastes like.The service was definitely good. They were patient and friendly even around closing time.
Great and yummy as ever.  The interior is decorated very true to Japanese tradition, service is friendly and consistent, menu has a variety for casual and adventurous eaters alike.For starters, I had the grilled pike fish, which I ordered accidentally but it was still tasty anyways, thankfully.  I helped myself to a dish of Smelt Fish which is probably my favorite dish on the menu.  Next, I had Fried Rice with mushrooms and veggies, and the sauce had a silky texture to it.  It was weird, but it didn&#39;t taste bad either.  Ended the night with some strawberry mochi and the bill came out to be about $40 for two people.  Very reasonable!The only con I would have is that the waiting time can be a little long.  I went there around 6:30pm and it wasn&#39;t very crowded, and yet it still took us about 15-20 minutes to get our first dish.However, the food is a yummy experience, and the location is just right off the Strip in Spring Mountain so it&#39;s a perfect place to eat before heading out to play in the night time.  Definitely one of my favorite joints to eat after I&#39;ve been out all night.PRO: Service is great, food is awesome, vibe is energeticCON: Wait time for food can be a bit long
Can I just have everything on the menu? I wish! The daily specials are always the best, it&#39;s fresh fish and tastes as if it was just fished from the sea. The tofu tuna salad is my go-to-food, I always have to get that when I&#39; m there. The only thing I dislike is how most their menu is on the wall. I like that it&#39;s interactive but having to get up and read all of it is a pain, especially when it&#39;s jam packed with people.Tip: make a reservation! It saves so much time and you get your table right away.
The menu here has so many selections that I don&#39;t know where to start. Besides the menu, they post specials on the wall written in marker on printer paper; sometimes its difficult to see all their specials while you&#39;re seated, so you have to get up and move around. Weird, I know.I&#39;ve been here twice and let me say, I am giving this place 4 stars for creativity and authenticity. You really can&#39;t find this kind of Japanese food, and if you do, its rare. My favorites out of everything I&#39;ve tried would be the shabu salad, uni in ponzu sauce, and yellowtail tartar. Everything else was good, but it didn&#39;t stand out to me.I would love to come back to try their other dishes and specials. BTW this restaurant is open until really late, which is a bonus for a late-night snack.
The atmosphere of Ichiza was a delight. Even so though the table we were seated at had some wear and tear. Looked like they duck taped the seat. Which I thought was kinda funny. Ordered an order of California rolls. Very good. Next I had a bowl of Ichiza Ramen Bowl DX. To be honest it wasn&#39;t so good. Tasted plain. Kinda wish there was more flavor like other ramen places I&#39;ve been too. There was too much veggies in it. Lastly I had an order of there strawberry Mochi Ice cream. That was ok and yummy. I&#39;m a real critic when it comes to the bathrooms. There&#39;s wasn&#39;t very clean. I was a bit disturbed. Overall I give this place 4 star rating.
The parking lot for this plaza is always full, so you have to park next door at the Chinatown Mall plaza.Service: 4/5I came on a Wednesday night in a party of 4 and we were seated after a five minute wait, even though the place was packed. I thought this was not only a good sign of the food, but also of the quick service.Interior: 3/5I thought the interior was really cute but there was an evident coat of dust on the ceiling ornaments.I ended up trying the ika-yaki (whole grilled squid), sakana pinchos (sushi roll), shrimp tempura bowl, and the honey toast. Ika-yaki: 4/5Cooked to perfection. Not chewy at all, but tender. I thought the flavor was too subtle for my taste since I like my food to pack a punch, but it was still really good.Sakana pinchos: 3/5Presentation was on point, but all of the flavors didn&#39;t necessarily go well together. The tamago was really good, but everything else was just okay. Shrimp tempura bowl: 3/5The shrimp tempura bowl comes with four pieces of shrimp on a bed of white rice and drizzled with tempura sauce. Although it was good immediately served, it became soggy really quickly from the rice and the sauce.Honey toast: 4/5Super huge brick toast with two scoops of ice cream and a generous amount of honey. I shared this with three other people and it was enough for all of us! I made my boyfriend eat my portion of the crust, while I enjoyed the nice and gooey inside ~Price: 5/5I thought it was really, really reasonably priced for the quality of the food and especially for Japanese tapas. For 8 items, the bill came out to $75. Overall: 4/5The selection of items is overwhelming. You have the main menu, today&#39;s specials, and the numerous items posted on the walls. Usually, a large menu may indicate that they value quantity over quality, but this place does both. I&#39;d definitely come back to try all this place has to offer.
To avoid being chided, call at least two hours in advance and make a reservation. We called an hour in advance for a 630 dinner on a Friday and were scolded, but we&#39;ll take our punishment if it means getting delicious food.Menu is overwhelming. make sure you check the list of &#39;most popular items&#39; written in marker that&#39;s over the kitchen. I think I still missed a number of items that were on signs on the walls, but that just gives me reason to go back next time i&#39;m in town.And yes, the food was delicious. And plentiful. And completely haphazard as to what came when, but we&#39;ll take it. Some restaurants course things so that you have a specifically orchestrated experience -- this is not that kind of place. When the food is ready, it shows up at your table.Between three of us, our food came in more or less this order:pork belly with egg, spinach salad (goma-ae), gingko nut skewer, vegetable roll, beef tataki, jalapeno fried rice, shishito pepper skewer, okra skewer, bacon-wrapped mochi, agedashi tofu, okonomiyaki. I ordered a yakitori skewer right at the end to try it, and then the famous honey toast.Of that, I would order the pork belly, tataki, goma ae, gingko nuts again. Gingko nuts were just kind of novel and fun. Pork belly was perfectly unctuous with the creamy egg on the side and almost-but-not-quite-too-salty broth. Tataki was buttery and rich, with a nice portion size. The spinach was a nice balance to all the meaty richness I didn&#39;t try all of the vegetarian things. the fried rice had a good flavor, from what I hear, the server was really great about trying to keep the vegetarians from accidentally straying to the meat side. we were able to order the okonomiyaki meat-free, and she steered us away from things with hidden shrimp paste and such.all the food plus two alcoholic beverages came to 90 after tax and tip, and was totally worth it.
So I&#39;ve been wanting to try Ichiza for the longest time. It was girls night so I suggested we go to Ichiza. The lady told me that we needed at least 3 people in our party to make a reservation but luckily I had a party of 4. The parking lot stinks but if you can get parking then it works out. We ended up rushing upstairs as we were running a little late. The verdict. The food was ok. I don&#39;t really recall anything that stood out to me that said OMG you have to come back! Now that I look back I don&#39;t really remember what I ate except for the fact that I took pictures. I remember the uni being decent and the Wagyu carpaccio as well. We had ordered a lot of food and I felt everything was just mediocre. Maybe I went on an off day but it was a Friday night and people were waiting regardless of the fact that there were open tables. The menu is all over the place so that was a bit annoying. One wall had specials and then another had more specials. For those sitting by the window it is tough to see these specials and you just felt rude walking to someone else&#39;s table to look at the writing on the wall. Overall I thought that the honey toast would save the night but it didn&#39;t. The green tea ice cream was good but the toast was so dry and I was like I&#39;m never ordering honey toast again! Ichiza was a big let down and I hope that if I ever do come back again I won&#39;t be as disappointed.
Lived in Vegas my whole life and I knew that Ichiza was one of those poppin places, but always avoided because of the fear that it wouldn&#39;t be a good place for locals to come.Nonetheless, I came here and boy was I surprised...We ordered so many things (see pictures below) and everything was delicious. My favorites had to be the Negi Toro on top of avocado and the Buta Kimchi!For four people the bill was ~$75 before tip. I gladly grabbed the check and paid because not bad at all! Don&#39;t know what to order? Start with the staples: Ika Yaki and Tako Yaki while you look through the menu!
Amazingly fresh slices of raw fish can be found here. The menu is very disorganized though, because you have options written on pieces of paper that is plastered all over the wall. There were so many choices, but it was hard to zone in all of them, and I felt like missed out on some of the really good eats. I came here for a snack, and was craving for oysters. My sister and I ordered a dozen oysters, and even said to the waitress, we were looking for some fresh oysters and she said they were from Washington. With this said...we assumed they were regular small oysters, but she came out with those huge oysters...and I can&#39;t believe we ate them all, because we didn&#39;t want them to go to waste. Then we got really sick afterwards. It was still good, but just know what you are ordering when you are here, because the staff is not the most helpful.
What a hidden gem off the strip :) Great authentic Japanese tapas restaurant offering all sorts of Japanese dishes you wouldn&#39;t be able to find ANYWHERE else.Off thier regular menu, we ordered the spicy tuna roll ($5.75). You get 8 solid pieces of spicy tuna! What a freaking deal!!! Fish was really fresh too!After seeing so many pictures of the &#34;Tar Tar Yellow Tail&#34; ($6.95) we had to get this. And this was definitely one of our favorite dishes. Rice, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and chopped yellow tail layered between fried  biscuits. SO unique!!! Nice summer dish!Another item off thier special menu, we got the &#34;Eel, Kakiage, Tempura Roll&#34; ($6.95). This was a california roll (avocado, crab, cucumber) topped with tempura, sashimi, and eel. There was NO way you can get this all in one bite so we ended up taking it apart to eat. Very good! The sweet sauce on the eel went nicely with the creamy avocado of the california roll.Next we 1/2 an order of the &#34;Tom Yum Roll&#34; ($6.95). This had tempura shrimp, avocado inside and another piece of cooked shrimp and cilantro was placed on top of the roll. Then this combination was wrapped in a spring roll wrap. Honestly? Nothing special. and not really worth $7 for 4 pieces. But a nice light taste especially after squeezing the lime juice on top.Again, after seeing so many yelpers post a picture of this Honey Toast ($7.95) dessert, I had to have it! The thing is HUGE. It is literally half a loaf of bread. NO JOKE. Topped with a scoop and vanilla ice cream and drizzled with honey. I would say 80% of the people here got the dessert. And to my surprise the bread is so light and fluffy that we almost killed this thing between the2 of us! crazy!!! The toast is REALLY soft in the inside and toasted on the outside. A simple and light dessert! A must try here!Warning - food comes out really slow and it would be wise to make a reservation. There were tons of people waiting outside even when we left at 8pm. They did take reservations for us on a Sunday night and we were seated right away :)What a unique experience and truly a hidden gem away from the strip!
Visiting Vegas for a girls weekend, I wanted Ramen after a night of drinking and dancing that I turned to Yelp for recommendations.  Late dining was a plus.  We Uber&#39;d here but it looks like there&#39;s a lot of parking at night.  Ichiza is located upstairs so take the elevator.  We were seated quickly and the restaurant is tiny and they were not busy.  Food:  Pork Belly YakitoriTonkotsu  Ramen with Pork BellySpicy Ahi SushiThe pork belly ramen was just alright.  Nothing to rant about.  I&#39;ve dined at a lot of ramen joints around and unfortunately Ichiza did not deliver. The pork belly was the worst I&#39;ve ever had.  I eat Yakitori every week and this dish was just meh.  The sushi was good. 2 stars being open.  I knocked out another star due to the server or kitchen with forgetting about my pork belly yakitori.  I had to ask for it and I was done with my ramen.
Very busy Izakaya which subtracts from the quality of the food. Food isn&#39;t made with much attention. My yakitori came with bones in it. And splinters from the original grill. Since its so busy service was slow. Additionally the food is overpriced for the types of sushi cuts given.
This place reminds me of my travels to japan like the mom and pop eateries in the neighborhood.  It feels like japan in here except the cooks are hispanic...which isnt a bad thing..whoever trained them did good.  The food always comes out great. I&#39;ve tried everything here, i like the daily specials if you get bored of the same dishes...but i never get tired
Hell yes. This is modern Japanese comfort food in a setting truer to the motherland. If you have the chance, go with someone that knows a little about Japanese food and you have a little bit of an upper hand over the average gaijin. My faves are the ika-yaki, baby octopus, udama-age (fried quail eggs), salmon sashimi, oyako donburi, stewed spinach, um ... everything is good. If you&#39;re feeling adventurous, try the natto or okra. But be warned, you have to be in a really adventurous mood. The only peril about this place is the munchie-factor. I took two friends here after they both smoked greens and between the three of us, we racked up like, a $150 bill or something. Everything is just too good. The fobbie waitresss are super cute. And for some reason the sake always tastes supreme there. * off the strip, non-casino
Took business clients here. Good thing I reserved one of a few tables in the place or we would have been sitting at the communal table in the middle. This place has a very limited sushi menu and no nigiri (had to order rice with sashimi). The four rolls on the menu were very good. They have quite a few items off the menu on the wall which is hard to read (we had to get up to read them). Ate the sashimi plates, all of the rolls and few orders of edamame. Very good, especially the spider roll and spicy tuna roll. We also tried the curry dishes and they were nicely done with a perfectly done curry sauce. Also tried the miso black cod and it was excellent. I had the iced green tea (which hit the spot on a hot day) and they charge for refills, which I could care less since I was thirsty and hey... its gotta be cheaper than beer???? This is not your typical Japanese American restaurant. Its more of a restaurant if you are a sashimi connoisseur and Japanese food purist. We had a great time the four of us.... stuffing ourselves full of graet sashimi, rolls and other dishes for about $150.00.  Definately a go too place.Was not crazy about the shopping strip mall location and the small parking lot.
so when i come back it will be... beef tongue (nicely salted), kimchi fried rice (totally awesome) and honey toast (perfectly soft, toasted, and warm). made me reminisce a little of my japan trips.  i had a mini version of their regular ramen, and i can honestly say i hold this just behind daikokuya. i think it was miso, so i actually tasted stuff in there.  had veggies, too.though a lot of you mentioned the yellowtail tar tar, i did not think it was that awesome.  so many things to try that are not on the menu, because it&#39;s on the wall and in kanji/katakna/hiragana.  they open at 3 and it&#39;s closed late... perfect for post-drinking eats.
I can&#39;t never remember the exact name of each dish here... my recommendation for everyone is: look on the wall for great food... I haven&#39;t had a bad dish here yet.My wife and I love to come here.The price is not super cheap for a homecook dinner meal, but for a Friday&#39;s date, the price is just right.
&#34;Not your typical sushi restaurant.&#34;[First impression]Sushi overload.This is not your typical sushi joint If you&#39;re strictly the Californial Roll sushi eater, than this is not the place for you. It&#39;s off the strip but not that far. About a 5 minute cab ride and well worth it. This is the place were you can try things that makes you want to say, &#34;Andrew Zimmern.. eat your bizarre foods heart out!.&#34; Can&#39;t remember what half the names were so you&#39;ll have to settle for the pictures. A couple of shots of sake and you&#39;ll start forgetting the names yourself. Which is probably a good thing since I&#39;d rather not be reminded that I&#39;m eating something like cow liver or pig intestines. [Suggestion]*Whatever the waitress suggest. *Honey Toast. It really is a must have.[Tips]*Ask the staff to call a cab when you&#39;re about to leave.
I love Ichiza I live nearby and on a Saturday night when sushi kayas que was 45 minutes I decided to try something new. I went with a few of my friends and we came super hungry! We ordered the sashimi,the steak appetizer a California roll,two bowls of ramen some pork dumplings and a beef bowl. All of this food came out to 80 dollars. We wanted the check seperated but there was no real receipt and we couldn&#39;t read the servers handwriting other than that everything was delicious even though I felt like I had to raise my hand or wave a flag if I wanted a refill or the glance of my server. Food good and maybe on a lessbusy night service is good too.
Absolutely one of my favorite authentic Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas. It&#39;s been around FOREVER, and that tells you something!Love all the small plates, and there&#39;s always special going on! Special dishes, seasonal dishes.Oh, by the way, don&#39;t think the menu is the limit. There are plenty of items only listed on the walls!
A must stop when I come to Vegas. A large menu that extends to many items also listed on their  wall. I recommend going to dinner and getting a reservation. It gets quite busy here and it&#39;s not that large.Tonight we tried their chicken cutlet and drumstick, beef tongue with mushrooms, gomae, miso cod, unagi karage tempura and jalapeño fried rice. If you are into spicy food, definitely get the jalapeño fried rice. Usually I&#39;d order the yellowtail tar tar and hamachi carpaccio but wanted to try diff things tonight. These are a must for first timers :)
I literally spend 10 minutes making fun of the old man that runs this place, and then when I turned around he was standing right there. He was really pissed. The average wait time here is 40 minutes. I don&#39;t get this place. Tourist from Japan always ask me how to get here. Apparently, even in Japan they advertise this place. It smelled horrible in here today. The smell was a combination of ammonia and paint. Apparently the construction in the shop next door is causing this horrible stench. To me, &#34;Anime Ramen&#34; downstairs has a way better tasting Honey Toast. The Honey Toast here at ICHIZA is presented artistically and impressively, but it just doesn&#39;t have the impressive taste like the one at &#34;Anime&#34;. At &#34;Anime&#34;, they batter and fry the pieces of toast and give you a scoop of ice cream they intentionally over froze, so that it doesn&#39;t melt immediately on the hot bread. I also like how at &#34;Anime&#34;, they use a real Japanese brand of ice cream instead of some generic super market brand. Personally, I didn&#39;t really like anything here. I&#39;m just giving it 3-stars because I feel bad about pissing off the old man.
Amended on 10/11/2010:Went there a second time this past weekend and tried more dishes. Still didn&#39;t get close to tasting everything. But what we did try, was delicious. The simple sashimi we had was fresh and full of flavor. My friends had 1/2 order of Ramen, and it looked very tasty. Oh, also, they open up an hour earlier now. I think the new hours are 3:00 pm - 4:00 am. Weekend hours may vary.-------------------------------------------------I just went here for the first time (Aug. 2010). I&#39;ve heard about this place for 1+ years, and finally made it. AND the food was very delicious and well worth finally eating here.First, please note they are only open from 4:00 pm to 4:00 am. So you won&#39;t be eating lunch here. But you will be eating here after a late night of clubbing or gambling. The menu is only one piece of letter size paper with both sides filled, but the walls are covered with plates not on the menu. Take time to look at all the photos on this review page, as well as on the walls. If you don&#39;t you&#39;re gonna miss out on a ton of other offerings.We ordered the Uni in ponzu sauce and Tuna Tar Tar, both of which we not on the menu. But on the walls (and we ordered these because of the photos on this page).The Uni was delicious, rich and flavorful, it is served in a lemon skin. the ponzu sauce and lemon really added to the flavor of the Uni.The Tuna Tar Tar was served on what looked like tortilla chips, (they are not). The top chip was covered with the Tuna and avocado mix. And a second bottom chip housed a rice and lettuce mix. These are a little sloppy to eat (as the chips kept breaking apart for me), but nonetheless, they tasted great.You will have to keep coming back to sample all the eats they have, cause there is just too many to eat for one visit.Hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Also, if you are a party of two, they don&#39;t take reservations for you, as they can usually accommodate you immediately or within a very short wait.
I LOVE this place! I&#39;ve been craving it for the past month, but since I&#39;m out of town I haven&#39;t been able to have it  :[When I came here with my boyfriend the first time, we had a look at the menu and the papers on the wall and decided to order the following:-agedashi tofu-fried calamari rings-ramen dx-shrimp tempura-beef bowl-miso butterfish-Edemame-shitake mushroom skewersThe waitress looked at us like we were crazy. She actually stopped us at our last order and said &#34;Wait, I think that&#39;s already too much. Just get that for now and see how you feel.&#34; She was partly correct. What we ordered, was just enough. We devoured everything on all the plates, it was soo delicious! Since we still had a little room let in us, we decided to get the famous Honey Toast. It came out right away and boy was it heavenly!! Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Everything we ordered was perfect and really hit the spot. I love this place and it&#39;s an added bonus that it&#39;s open so late!
The 5 top things I got to say about this place:#1  The food&#39;s great for when you&#39;re sober and when you&#39;re...not sober!#2  Perfect end-of-the-night destination.#3  Check out their sake menu (nigori is always good).#4  There may be a wait...but that&#39;s a good thing!#5  Not for you if you have an overly discerning palate for sushi or ramen, don&#39;t hate. I&#39;ve lived in Vegas for years, but only found this place in the last year or so, definitely my loss.  I tend to either start the night here before venturing out to the strip to party or end a good night out with friends with a good atmosphere and delicious food.This place is a good fit for both those less familiar with Asian dining (a good dose of something new) and those more than used to Asian restaurants.  No matter who you are, get the beef tongue!One last note is to keep you head up (there&#39;s tons more to order all over the walls) and talk to people!  It&#39;s an open and friendly environment, if you see your neighbor eating something that looks good, POLITELY lean over and ask what it is.
I came here with my husband on a business trip that he had.  I heard about this place through a friend and decided that I wanted to try it.    We were seated right away (bear in mind this was on a weekday and we came in just as they opened).  The place was cozy and you can see the kitchen staff preparing the food.  I knew this place was going to be authentic...the kitchen staff were Japanese!  There are other Japanese restaurants that I&#39;ve been to in the bay area and the kitchen staff are not Japanese.We were a little overwhelmed with the selection, even though they provided a menu for us the restaurant had placed a variety of different items on the wall that was not on the menu.  We kept on looking at the wall for the things to order vs. the menu since it looked like there were more items on the wall than the menu. We told our server we have never been at the restaurant before and asked for her recommendation.  She was extremely helpful and told us what the most popular dishes were.  We ordered the following:Grilled squid - yummy!Marinated fried chicken - our favorite dishGrilled black cod - this was my 2nd favorite!seared beef Sea UrchinOystersAgedashi tofu - same as any other restaurant but had to get my this since I love tofuShrimp &amp; EggplantSushi with tuna and spinachBeef tongue &amp; chicken gizzard skewersHoney toast for dessertThe food was AMAZING!  We were so stuffed by the time dessert came around but I HAD to try the honey toast.  The honey toast is a great creation, I would have never thought about that but now that I have tasted it I can easily make this at home for the kids to try.  It&#39;s good but nothing to go out of the way to eat if you have had it once.The next time we go back to Vegas, we&#39;re definitely going to come back!
I never expected my 2nd Yelp 5-star review is to take place in Las Vegas, in a stripped mall, next to a foot massage place.Ichiza had a long line when we arrived around 8pm on a weeknight, so it&#39;s definitely a good sign.  While waiting, there is a tea station downstairs where you can grab a few drinks and warm up your appetite.  When you stepped in, you can tell it&#39;s a mix of Vegas locals, Asians and Americans mingling.  There&#39;s specials posted everywhere and a nice selection on the menu.  Besides dishes like the ramen, most of the dishes are sized tapas style.  Meaning they&#39;re for kittens, baby ducks, super models and hardcore food critics.  Fortunately if you order at least 2-3 per person, you&#39;ll enjoy one of the best Japanese meals in your life.Some highlights:Blue fin tuna (mid-fatty) - super delicious and fresh.Ankimo (monkfish liver) - heavenly delicious.  It&#39;s like an articulate version of chicken liver, then multiply by 100 tasty points.Baby octopus - get it, you won&#39;t regret it.Pork belly and egg - it&#39;s cooked to perfection.The Kirin beer (glass for $3.75) was extremely reasonable, while the sake collection was impressive.  The prices will also seem like a bargain, though honestly some of the beer filled me up, not just food.As long as you&#39;re prepared to wait, you&#39;ll definitely have a great experience.  I&#39;d skip the ramen and sushi, and try out some traditional Japanese fare for a change.
If you have a late night Japanese craving, this is the spot to go to.  They&#39;re open till 230am and they have many delicious items to choose from.  Came to this place around 1am on a Saturday and it wasn&#39;t too packed, but have heard it can get pretty busy on the weekends.
Wow, wow, wow.I came here for the first time with my family and this is what we got, for about $80 bucks to feed all five people:* deep fried baby octopus* pork and napa cabbage* spicy tuna rolls* yellowtail and cucumber rolls* half an order of house special ramen* tempura bowl over rice* kimchi fried rice* salmon skin salad* honey toast...and everything was so good. I have to go back and EAT MORE!!!
As always, my favorite Japanese restaurant in whole US!Their black cod is the BEST!I&#39;d visit Vegas just to go there :)
Went in on valentines day with a good friend.It was late, not crowded, but service and great spirit fills the atmosphere.Well worth the money :)Bacon wrapped potato skewer!!! YumUdon! Everything was great service to quality of food.Cheers.
I&#39;ve been here since my teeny bopper years and it&#39;s been like a roller coaster! I remember it use to be much different from now. For some reason the food is just not as good as it use to be. The chefs appear to be the same or at least one of them is so I can&#39;t quite pin point as to why. The flavors just isn&#39;t there. For example I always order the jalapeño fried rice and it gets worse everytime I order it. Por que?!! I love this joint and it&#39;s twist on Japanese cuisine but it can definitely improve on it&#39;s quality and consistency. Service has been and still is decent. Maybe we need to bring back #TBT.
Japanese Tapas ALL the way!!!! My gf&#39;s friend brought us here for dinner the first night of our 4 Day Vegas ALL Night Drunkin&#39; Partyin&#39; Trip. He&#39;s a regular at Ichiza so we gave him the liberty to order...He ordered at about 10-12 dishes including the following:*Fried Chicken with Mayo dipping sauce: YUMMY!!!! The chicken was fried in a light tempura batter and was moist and tender. *Grilled Calamari: The calamari was huge and tender. You can really taste the bbq flavor!*Uni: OMG Effen GOOD!!!! The uni was in a lemon rind with some ponzu sauce and it was so buttery and smooth!*Wrapped Tofu: The tofu was wrapped in this weird type of bean curd wrapper. The tofu was silky in texture and had a smooth finish.*Hamachi and Salmon Sashimi: FRESH, FRESH, FRESH! The slices were MASSIVE and the fish was buttery smooth! :P*Yellowtail collar bone: YUMMY!!!! The fish was fresh and cooked to perfection--moist and tender!*Beef and chicken satay: I loved the beef satay. It was grilled perfectly, seasoned well, and had a bite to it!*Chicken gizzard: It was ok, I wish the gizzards was a bit bigger as opposed to being chopped into smaller pieces which made it hard to enjoy the taste and texture.* HONEY TOAST: Holy Smokes....half of a bread carved out, then honey marinating the base of the bread square, then topped off with Vanilla ice cream! You must have a sweet tooth to enjoy this sweet treat! YUMMY!!!!* Etc, Etc, Etc (my memory is bit foggy after all the late nights of drinking)Of course, we had to wash down our meal with two large pitchers of Kirin! :DB/C you can&#39;t find any decent Asian food on the strip, I can&#39;t wait to come back on out next Vegas adventure!
This place is good for trying a bit of everything of Japanese cuisine, especially since the pricing is good. I&#39;d come here if you want to try experimenting with other types of Japanese food. Every Japanese restaurant has ramen or some sort of rice bowl. You come here to try the other side of Japanese food because most likely they&#39;ll have it somewhere on their menu. If you don&#39;t see it you can always ask them and see if they can make it- which is why I love this place.When you come at night, the ambiance is very authentic to a japanese izakaya (which is like a tapas place). It&#39;s busy, it&#39;s loud, an all Japanese speaking staff, and then there&#39;s the overwhelming amount of menus all over the walls. It reminded me very much of Japan! (For the record, I used to live in Japan.) It&#39;s a fun place to bring your friends, drink a few beers, and order a little bit of everything.Lunch time is my favorite time to come eat here. Service and the food is always good. They even have lunch specials in which you get a choice between 2 chef choice meals or you can order a bento box type meal.Service during busy weekend nights can be iffy. Sometimes can be inattentive but not always the case. Reason why I gave 4 star and not 5. If I could, I&#39;d rate a solid 4.5Recommendations: Daily specials are usually promising, Ramen Dx, yakisoba, honey toast, and if you&#39;re daring takowasa (raw octopus in wasabi)Tips:-Make a reservation 2 hours beforehand- parking on the weekends is horrible, come early to your reservation -sign up with them for their membership you get 5% every $20 purchase and when the stamp card is filled you get 10% every visit.
Ichiza is one of those trusty go-to restos that never becomes boring. There are always new specials and plates, and if you just want a bowl of ramen or udon, they have that, as well. We ordered a deep fried natto roll with maguro and yamakake on top. At one point and time, I was ok with natto, but this experience proved that I had, somewhere along the line, grown out of that phase. Bleh!  We also ordered tripe soup, but I&#39;ve eaten enough tripe to know better now. We also ordered skewered beef tongue, yakitori, tonkatsu musubi with shiso and kelp, and vegetable croquette. All in all, a good night&#39;s eating.
My Vegas go to man brought me here - it&#39;s on the top of his list, so he has to always bring us out-of-towners there! I&#39;ve been there a couple of times already and can definitely tell you this is one of those joints for only the locals.  No tourists would be venturing out over here.  All that much better!  When looking at the bar and all the special menu items posted on the wall, it can be quite difficult when deciding what to order.  So, when in doubt, let the expert go at it.I fondly remember the fried smelt (less than $3 for three fish).  These plump babies are loaded up &#39;cuz their eggs are still sitting inside of them.  And with a little bit of salt and some fresh lemon juice, yum yum!  And who doesn&#39;t love ankimo?!  Monkfish liver that melts in your mouth...ahhhh...I love ankimo!  I&#39;ve tried a bunch of other things there like the red snapper carpaccio with ikura, ramen noodles, the beef tataki w/ lemon juice, fresh oysters on the half shell w/ ponzu sauce (2 for $4.25), seaweed salad, and the beef cubes.  I don&#39;t remember anything bad about the place, but just good food with good company.The first time I went, they had those fancy Japanese toilets with all those buttons to try out.  I attempted to use it but had no luck.  On my last visit, their special toilet was no longer there!  =(  I guess too many people were having way too much fun with it and it went into retirement.  If possible, go with a large group and sit in the back where you have to take your shoes off to swing your feet under the table.  And this way, you can also order a lot more random things and share them with everyone.  It makes it all that much merrier.  Overall, pretty extensive menu...I think I want some of that fried smelt roe just about now!  Bring it!Updated: 10/10/06 - They also offer a FREE membership card.  You get 5% off whenever you dine there when you bring this card and it eventually adds up to 10-15% off your bill for next time.I also like getting the Agedashi Tofu soup.  It&#39;s light and delicate without being overly infused with the bonito flakes.  Yum yum!The salmon skin salad was okay.  The dressing overpowers the salmon skin, so you can&#39;t taste a whole lot.  I wouldn&#39;t bother getting it again.  The deep fried crabs are a plate of baby crabs with an aioli type dipping sauce.  An interesting taste and a nice crunch! Side note: They give you a wet towelette thing and that will be your napkin for the entire meal.  Don&#39;t bother looking around for regular paper napkins here!Updated: 11/27/06 - I recently tried the okra with natto (less than $3).  First off, the idea of natto grosses me out.  The texture alone is nasty, and the smell...geez, that&#39;s a whole other subject.  Since it was my dining partner&#39;s first time w/ the stuff, I suggested he give it a go at some a cheap price.  It comes with thin slices of fresh okra, seaweed slivers, and hot mustard on the side.  Overall, I would not recommend it unless you&#39;re a fan of this stuff.  I definitely am not one. Blah.  Also, the last two times I went, they were out of the lovely ankimo!  Argh!Updated: 01/24/07 - I changed my ratings from four stars to five because I find myself craving the fried smelt roe more often than not.  And Ichiza has apparently become my comfort restaurant to turn to when I can&#39;t decide where else to go.  I have only been to one other izakaya, and that was Musha in Torrance, CA.  How can this place not be special?Updated: 06/12/07 - Went back the past weekend after a few month hiatus.  They were out of uni and ankimo!  Argh!  But we had the beef tongue - tasty, and gotta eat it when it&#39;s hot; minced spanish mackerel on cucumber - fresh, lots of flavors on your palatte, fried garlic - put salt on it instead of the miso, and oh-so good!, tartar yellowtail - with avocado, crisp things, and salsa - refreshing flavors and light, and honey toast - they need more bread chunks, but yummy!  (They had a few new dishes that were listed in Japanese.  If you ask the waitresses or owner to translate, they&#39;ll try their best!  Be daring and give it a go!)Update! 08/06/07 - Out of ankimo again!  Argh!  But they do have a soft shell crab appetizer that comes with a ponzu dipping sauce and Japanese mayonnaise.  It&#39;s a fatty crab with lots of meat!  Yum!  Their red snapper carpaccio is a bit different, it comes with olive oil, tomatoes, and mozzarella!  Update! 10/09/07 - Where the heck is all the ankimo?!  Argh!  Brought some out-of-town guests to Ichiza to experience where the locals eat.  Ate all the standard stuff, of course.  New thing tried here - live scallop.  I warn you now, don&#39;t sniff the squiggly things...it may turn you off!  But the scallop slices dipped in ponzu sauce is oh so tasty.  Also shared a ramen bowl.  I&#39;m personally not a big fan of ramen (it&#39;s a filler), so I&#39;ll pass on it.  Everyone else seemed to swallow it down without any problems! =)(I added some photos of my eats above!)
Came here just looking for something to do on a busted clubbing night in Vegas, and this place made my weekend!  Set humbly and inconspicuosly on the 2nd floor of a small plaza off of Spring Mtn Rd, this Japanese styled beer house has the rustic wooden furnishings &amp; even a large table with cushions and the signature no-shoes policy for the larger groups in the back.This izakaya is serving up an endless (no seriously, 100+ items not on the menu line the walls here) combination of grilled and fried delicacies.  My group seemingly tried everything from traditional items like the yakitori &amp; beef tongue skewers, pot stickers, cold ramen, beef bowl, to the more modern fare like the seafood quesadilla, and the deep fried zucchini w/ bacon and mozzerella cheese.  The more friends and fam you have to eat and drink with, the merrier, as my 4 cousins and I were able to shamelessly order dish after dish of great drunk munchies. And washing it all down with ice cold Kirin served on tap made this yelper one satisfied customer.  I&#39;m a fan. You should be too.
When I go to Las Vegas,I eat there every single day.  Ichiza is really like authentic Japansese Izakaya style.  They have so many different dishes as like I went back to my home town Japan.  They have so many selection of drinks.  My favorite one is fresh grapefruit shochu which served literally half cut grapefruit and squeezer side of shochu.  Squeez it ourself.  I thoght it was unique. Stuff there were very friendly and nice.  Food was excellent. The only con is so far distant and they are so good therefore waiting line is at least 30 mins.  If I lived in Las vegas,I will go there very often.
So keep in mind that I would give this 5 stars for the fact that it&#39;s in the US and inland at that but it would probably be a 3 star if I were to rate it against other izakaya in Japan.I visited there on 12/22 for dinner after the Las Vegas Bowl.  The atmosphere was of a typical izakaya that you would find in Japan so I won&#39;t dock it any points since it&#39;s actually supposed to be fairly dingy but have good food.  Maybe for the typical US crowd this would be a minus.The zashiki (tatami booths) in the back had the typical Japanese rowdy college crowd who were playing their loud drinking games which again would probably be a minus for most.This place is always crowded so even though we got a &#34;reservation&#34; (I say that loosely because I don&#39;t think they really take reservations except for large groups like the rowdy college group) we had to wait about 20 minutes to get a seat at the large table up front.  However, one table cleared and they reseated us to that more comfortable location.The servers were all Japanese which helped some as it was easier to order in Japanese and not have to explain things.  Also the rate and order at which the food came out was typical of Japan, randomly and whenever it was ready.  There was a comfort factor there.The draught beer was a bit better than the normal places where they actually had a head on the beer, but they still use the Canadian made stuff I think so the bubbles aren&#39;t the creamier kind but the thinner kind.  I&#39;m often disappointed in the &#34;Japanese&#34; beer in the US as it&#39;s totally different.We had:- Spinach with sesame dressing () a bit more dressing than usual but still good.- Garlic baby bok choy () nice and crunchy and a light flavor except the garlic chips which added a little umphh to it.- Mackerel miso-yaki () standard decent miso-yaki.- Motsu-ni () I&#39;m used to red miso so this was just ok.- Tsukune chicken meatball skewers () just the right amount of browning.- Shishito pepper skewers () a little on the spicy side.- Crab fried rice () a tad on the greasy side.- Beef bowl () little beef to behold but the broth was good.- Sour plum chazuke () didn&#39;t taste it so can&#39;t comment.I liked all the dishes except the crab fried rice was a bit oily.  I was satisfied with my izakaya fix.  But I&#39;ll have to come back for the other items that weren&#39;t on the written menu but on the wall menu.If you&#39;re looking for fine Japanese dining, this is not it but if you&#39;re missing the izakaya scene in Japan, this will get you there until your next visit there.4 stars all around for service, atmosphere (can&#39;t exactly call it ambience) and food keeping in mind this is supposed to be a bit on the unkempt side izakaya.
Maybe we didn&#39;t order the right thing or they have an off night? The best thing was the beef tongue skewer...The wagyu tataki had tons of oil and sauce over it and It didn&#39;t even taste beefy. The salmon collar I had was fishy, over salted and over teriyaki-sauced. The service was good though.
This place is awesome! Ichiza was one of the first restaurants I checked out when I moved to Vegas. Plenty of parking and no wait on a windy Saturday night in Vegas! It&#39;s izakaya style Japanese cuisine so we ordered a bunch of dishes to share: agedashi tofu, beef tataki, buta kimchi, hamachi sashimi, tat tar yellowtail, ika ring (squid rings), and kaku-ni (braised pork belly). My favorites were the beef tataki, hamachi sashimi, and the buta kimchi. 7 dishes was more than enough for the two of us and everything was so unique and delicious. The staff was very helpful with helping us make our dining selections. The menu is very large and can easily be overwhelming. We had a great time and would love to come back again.
Nom Nom this place was good.  We came here twice after long days of work, and it was a great place to refuel.  We really enjoyed what we ordered.The exceptional dishes were the Tofu and Sashimi Salad and the Wagu Beef and Garlic Fried Rice.  The salad sounded like an usual combination to me, but my friend promised that it was good - and it turned out to be very delicious both times we ordered it.  The lettuce with the sashimi and tofu mixed with their dressing was perfect.  The other hit was the fried rice. It was nice and moist but not mushy.  The garlic chips were a perfect addition, and who doesn&#39;t like Wagu beef?We also had their sashimi (salmon and yellowtail) and an Spicy Eggplant and Shrimp dish.  All good. The only complaint is that it&#39;s difficult to see what to order if you&#39;ve never been here before.  My friends knew what to get, but they have so many things written on random pieces of paper on the wall, and their menu didn&#39;t seem to have all the good things on it.  So a newbie with no friends with the inside scoop may rate this place lower because it&#39;s just so darn hard to spot the good stuff!This is, yet another, must-stop place for me on future visits!
Came here actually after seeing some girlfriend&#39;s facebook pictures of all the awesome food here from several years ago. This review is written after 2 visits.First visit I came with the bf, we had a bunch of appetizers like the Takowasa (wasabi marinated raw octopus) and others and they were all fantastic. We also had the sashimi platter which was delicious. We also ordered the ramen, which weren&#39;t to our liking since we&#39;ve been spoiled by all the ramen shops in SoCal but none the less was very good. Awesome izakaya atmosphere and I can see myself going there at night for a good time next time. We got the honey toast to go and ate it in the car on our drive back to LA and it was just so good.Came here again with friends several weeks after and we re-hashed a bunch of the appetitzers along with the beef tataki as well as the miso black cod which was so smooth and buttery, the miso added a depth to it that was super satisfying. One of us got a curry beef bowl and I heard good things about it. We again got the honey toast but this time we had it there it was every better since the toast was still warm and the crush was crunchy and so good with the honey and the ice cream... MMMMM!We&#39;ll be back for sure!=====================1 star - &#34;will be telling everyone to stay away&#34; bad2 stars - it&#39;s okay, i won&#39;t return3 stars - it&#39;s okay, i&#39;ll come back4 stars - it&#39;s pretty good, i&#39;ll come by again!5 stars - it&#39;s really good, my go-to places!
I come here every time I&#39;m in town. 市座 is the best sushi in town! It always get fresh fish. The skewers are great and good prices.  The rolls are also great even though I&#39;m not a sushi roll person.  Be sure to ask for the &#34;updated&#34; Today&#39;s Special menu.  You should order at least 2 or 3 items from it. It&#39;s the best chef&#39;s recommend items.
Love this place as one of my late night to-go spot. I tend to get beef tataki, garlic chicken gizzards, and honey toast. I discovered something pretty amazing lately and it&#39;s their JALAPENO FRIED RICE. Yum! TRY it for sure! :)Get their little membership card to get 5% off your check and after about 10 visits ($20+ each per visit) you&#39;ll get upgraded to 10% off your check.Check out their many menu items on their walls, read what other yelpers have included as tips, and enjoy yourself in this wonderful little establishment.
This is one of those places where the food looks better than it taste.  It doesn&#39;t taste horrible, but definitely not as good as it looks.  My favorites were the miso butterfish, kimchi fried rice and tuna sashimi salad.  It&#39;s a great place for you to try many different (small) appetizers at an efficient cost.  The vibe feels very Japanese, as if you really are in Japan, which was something I liked.  It&#39;s a fun experience, but I didn&#39;t feel like it hit the spot when I walked out the door.  Probably won&#39;t come back to try different items, just my favorites.
The fatty Blue Fin Tuna was awesome, as was all the sashimi on the menu. This is definitely worth the visit off the strip.
HOLY CRAP.. Ichiza is F***ING AWESOME!! Ichiza is what I see more as an izakaya compared to Miko&#39;s.. which to me is like a typical Japanese restaurant. Ichiza has that more bar-like feel and their foods are more like pupu type foods along with your typical Japanese dishes (Teishoku, ramen, etc). The boyfriend and I went around 6pm on a Saturday.. I was thinking might be busy but it wasn&#39;t. Lots of reserved tables though so we were seated at the bar on some wooden seats. For drinks, we ordered just the house sake and the bf got kirin. I should have gotten the calpico-soju! Next time..For foods we got:Beef Tataki - Tender rare beef drizzled with ponzu sauce and on the side there was onion, really minced up garlic and some pink stuff.. no idea what that was.. but all were good!Fried Natto Roll - WOW!! I was stoked to see how many natto dishes they had! I&#39;m natto crazy! This was the first time ever coming across a fried natto roll. It was topped with some fresh raw ahi as well. SOOOOO GOOD!! My bf hates natto so I got to devour it all myself.Skewers- We got a few different skewers. -- Chicken yakitori &amp; shishito peppers were pretty typical. Also, we got the bacon wrapped mochi! That was very interesting and I enjoyed it. But what wrapped in bacon isn&#39;t good?!Natto/Okra - I had to try this natto/okra which was pretty typical stuff.. wish it came with hot rice.. but hell, I love natto by itself as well. Slimey, stinky goodness! :]Tofu Salad - Delicious, soft tofu and ahi topped over salad greens and avo. The boyfriend and I both thought it needed more texture! It was all really.. soft. They used a little bit of romaine and mostly red leaf lettuce which doesn&#39;t have much crunch. Maybe some won-ton chips or something to counteract all the softness going on in there. Very yummy otherwise!We also got spicy tuna roll which wasn&#39;t anything spectacular compared to the other dishes.. the bf was just just craving some sushi. Overall, individual prices are not all that bad but they sure do add up! Especially whilst drinking! I was getting more hungry as we drank.. Between the two of us and drinks, we spent about $70. I made sure to fill out the survey after so I can get the frequent members card.. cause you can bet, I&#39;ll be returning again and again and again.
Love dining at Ichiza whenever I am in Las Vegas, and definitely love bringing my friends here if they are willing to venture off the strip.  Ichiza is located on the 2nd Floor of a tiny strip mall near Chinatown (It is in the same plaza as Mian and Tea Station)  There are times that they get busy in the weekends, but usually the wait time is not that bad.  Based on the looks of the tables, menu and decorations, this restaurant must have been here for ages.Menu is fairly simple to understand, most dishes are for tapas/sharing, and I would recommend getting 3-4 dishes per person dining.  Prices are fairly reasonable.  Average per person can be $25up based on your appetite or whether you order any alcohol with your meal.  Be adventurous and order things that you have never tried before.  You can always ask the waitress for recommendation or whether you have ordered enough or not.Pay special attention to their daily special by the front door (in english), they do have special items that are not listed in the menu that is definitely worth trying.  Highly recommended.  To the best of my knowledge, they do not take reservation over the phone.  Your wait time might be longer if you have a bigger party.
This place is good for the atmosphere. The food is okay. Nothing particularly stands out food wise except their honey toast.
I&#39;ve been going to Ichiza for 7 years, found out about this place when I first moved to Vegas. It used to be a room full of Asian customers here and you never needed an reservation. As more people found out about this place, you see half o the restaurant is filled with westerners. Unless you go early (before 6), you definitely need to make a reverberation or you will see a line a people waiting outside.   Besides their regular menu, they have additional items on the wall throughout the restaurant. I&#39;ve tried a lot of the items off the wall, but my favorites are still the regular menu items.- Ramen DX: delicious ramen broth with a big chunk of fatty pork!- Agedeshi Tofu: lightly breaded fried tofu in broth- Miso Mackerel: this is the best miso fish i&#39;ve had. - Honey Toast: Vanilla ice cream in a toasted Texas-toast drizzled w/ honey.and did i mention you can get Japanese beer on tap here? and by the pitcher!
Been here my 3rd time. I love the setting where you can sit low to the ground with your bar feet. Also love how the menu are all posted on the wall. Although it&#39;s kinda hard to see everything. The food meet my expectation! I accidently order the wrong thing but it turns out great. Beef Tataki something, under the appetizer, highly recommended. It&#39;s like raw beef, which is so good and chewy! The crispy pork chop with eggs and cabbage is also very good. Don&#39;t order the beef bowl unless you like your rice to be somewhat sweet. For those sweet tooth lover, try the toasted bread with the ice cream in the middle. I also love how their tea smell so good, which is tricked is from burned rices.
I came because of the great review on the food but sadly I was let down by a few of the dishes: bok choy $3.95 = bad choice and a total rip-off! 1 large head of bok choy and a few scattered pieces drowned in salty soy sauce. famous beef tataki = thin slice beef; some unevenly cut; easy to swallow when dip in the ponzu sauce but the lemon-y condiment sauce with it made the entire bite taste like dish soapYellowtail tuna tartare = very good combination with the crispy fried wonton sheet between rice and avocado, tuna mix. However, there was barely any pieces of tuna ( 3 tic tac size pieces at most) Presentation look ok but closely looking at it, the avocado mix look like someone vomit up some nasty green gloop.Ramen with the pork belly = nothing special that&#39;s worth $8 but it will fill you up so you don&#39;t have to order too muchChicken yakatori = a dried piece of chicken drowned in cheap store-bought teriyaki sauce. I took a bite and didn&#39;t want it anymoreHoney toast =$8 probably the savor of the entire meal. crispy edges, enough honey to go with bread and vanilla ice cream compliments the bite. Towards the center, there is condensed milk that adds extra sweetness to it. Very filling-- 1 order can feed 4 people at most.$40 meal for 2 people = not worth the price to eat while in vegas. Service- f
Continues to be great food!  After ordering about 15 items or so, here&#39;s the standouts:Vegetable croquettes - perfect crisp, awesome flavor.Ichiza Ramen DX - Continues to be great broth, springy noodles, and perfectly cooked half egg.  Pork belly was a little bit overdone, but the only weakness I&#39;d say.Broiled rice - so simple, so delicious, so surprisingly good.Chicken skewers - Phenomenal!  So tender, so delicious...Chicken balls - I wasn&#39;t as big of a fan, but two of my dining mates loved it and dubbed it the best dish of the night.Tofu steak - Super tender tofu, a nice crisped outing, very tasty!Beef tongue skewer - Tender and well seasoned!  Excellent.Honey Toast - Honestly, solely because of this dish, I may make my way to Ichiza every time I&#39;m in Vegas.... soooo good and what a way to end a great meal already.Verdict:  Do it.  Go early if you can before it fills up (even on weekends) and enjoy a great meal.  The four of us had a ton of dishes, two bottles of sake, and came out to around $25 a person for some spectacular food.  And vegetarian friendly!
Second time visiting this place. First time, we walked in and found the wait to be about an Hour. So made a quick U-Turn and decided to go elsewhere.. This time, no different.. 45 min. - 1 hr. wait.. I&#39;m not used to waiting in Vegas?! Seriously?!.. OK, this time we waited.What we had at the Bar Counter:21. Chicken Cutlet: deep fried breaded chicken (like Katsu or chicken fried steak). Nice crust and the dark brown dipping sauce brought it Alive! sauce was thick and semi-sweet ilke (Katsu/Teriyaki sauce). Chicken was moist and sliced into finger tenders. Plain Good.62. Kaku - Ni (pork belly w/ egg): small bowl filled with tender and juicy pork in some type of broth/sauce and a half a boiled egg. Full of Pork Goodness!81. Fried Rice - Kimchi: Nice portion, mild balanced flavor of Kimchi, rice was soft, not mushy and went great with all the proteins.*Off the Wall/Paper Menu:Salmon Belly: decent slab of salmon belly fillet with an evident taste of some kind of light vinegar/alcohol flavoring. Came with a tiny mound of super minced radish. Salmon was &#39;melt in your mouth or on the dish&#39; consistency. It was kind of rich, fatty and Delicious (the radish settled down the richness and fattiness a bit). Yellowtail Tar Tar: I usually don&#39;t do Raw but this time I made an exception because of all the praising on past reviews. 4 pieces, each piece was a fluffy and crunchy tortilla chips layered with rice, avocado and.. yellowtail on top. I couldn&#39;t taste the fish much, I just noticed a slight chewiness. Everything worked Really Well, the texture was Amazing and it was an Awesome Tortialla Chip Sandwich!Atmosphere reminded me of some restaurants in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles (It felt like I was eating somewhere in Japan). No complaints on Service. Value was fair, Japanese portions are hardly ever huge but quality makes up for it. The food was satisfied but nothing really stood out.. I&#39;d come back but I wouldn&#39;t wait more than 10 minutes to dine here.
Difficult to order, servers that don&#39;t speak English, and food that&#39;s gone down-hill over the years. At this point, I&#39;m finding Ichiza izakaya over-rated. FOOD: Running around the restaurant trying to order off-the-wall hasn&#39;t been easy or successful. My usual for the past few years has been the ahi tuna tartare, mackeral nigiri, and Ramen DX. They are permanent items and not on the ever-changing menu plastered around the facility. After a recent visit, I discovered the ramen no longer tastes the same and the cha-siu has lost the flavor I found so addicting. I was obsessed with the mackerel nigiri (saba) from here because it was cured with a unique balance of salt &amp; vinegar and melded with a bed of yellow fish eggs. Not anymore, its plain old mackerel now and isn&#39;t special what-so-ever.AUTHENTICITY: My friend from Japan worked at Ichiza a while back. She told me stories of under-washed vegetables, a caterpillar in a bowl of ramen, and how the recipes and ingredients are just NOT what the Japanese consider really good food.SERVICE: Maybe its just me, but I get incredibly angry when my order can&#39;t be taken correctly. I speak up, I speak clearly, and I speak in an un-complicated way that should be able to be understood. The girls here don&#39;t understand simple restaurant requests and quite frequently get my order wrong. I have little to no patience for people in the service-industry that cannot speak or at least understand English well enough to perform at an optimum level.For the sake of my belly and sanity, I probably won&#39;t elect to come here on most occasions. Ichiza is no longer the only place for izakaya!
a must stop when i get to LV.  good beef tongue. always get the honey toast to finish the night.  the walls have tons of specials.  Ramen is a winna.
if not my most favorite place.^^Layoutnot a typical looking sushi styled restaurant, Ichiza is very authentic Japanese oriented.   menu items line every wall, the decor is all wood, the seating looks cramped, and there are two sets of seating for large parties in the back.   admittingly, this kind of arrangement can feel very overwhelming at first, but the atmosphere becomes upbeat and exciting once you sit down.^^Serviceoutstanding for the amount of customers they service.  i won&#39;t lie and say u that there&#39;s no waiting for food (it&#39;s crowded from 8p-1am), but the time is within reason and never too long.the waitresses are friendly and cheerful and the VERY BUSY chefs actually find time to do special arrangements with your order if you buy large quantities of the same item.Foodthis is an EXCELLANT place to go to if you want something UNIQUE.   something that will leave you with a lasting impression of exotic japanese cuisine.   not everything will agree with your palette, but the majority of the items are full of flavor and taste.!they prepare all kinds of dishes in every method.   sushi, breaded meats, dim sum items, rice dishes, noodle dishes, tofu dishes, raw meats (fish/beef/octopus/etc)...  seared, steamed, fried.  the menu is ENORMOUS.!Pricingthe menu is well balanced in pricing.   MOST items can be had for $2-$4 allowing you to try a lot of the dishes without burning a hole in the wallet (like TAPAS).   additionally, you&#39;ll find yourself only spending around $14 on a main dish.Closingi&#39;ve lived in Vegas for 4 years.  there are a TON of places to eat, not to mention a TON of sushi digs.   but i find Ichiza 2-3 times a month because of the LOVE &amp; JOY i&#39;ve discovered eating there - and i hope you will too.^^*Recommendation (excuse the spelling)1. Beef Tataki (seared raw beef) 3x orders of2. Beef Wagyu Carpaccio 3. Chicken Gizzard (bowl) 4x orders of4. Diced Beef Cubes (ask to make it spicey)5. Salmon Sashimi (fresh and CHUNKY)5. HONEY TOAST - EVEN if you feel you can&#39;t eat anymorelet me know if you need any questions answered.  i think i must&#39;ve earned a master&#39;s degree - i eat there so often.^^
Discovered this place accidentally when I was on the prowl to satisfy my ramen needs. It was after midnight and the place was jammed packed with people waiting outside in the friggin&#39; cold! BEST ACCIDENT EVER! Ramen DX to die for. Spicy tuna roll of perfection no other have thus far been able to live up to. Seaweed salad, hot green tea, superb selection of sake, and butter clams ubber yummy! I try to try a new dish every visit. Well unless I order togo, which is several times a week. SMH 30 min trip one way for this Fab Food Heaven? Oh F*** Yes!
Honey toast. Eel karate tempura roll. Tartar yellow tail. This place is a must-stop dining experience in LV. Nothing I&#39;ve tried disappoints.
Ichiza, that Japanese restaurant atop Tea PLANET. (It will ALWAYS be Tea PLANET to me and not Tea Station. All you old school Vegas Heads will know what I&#39;m talking about.)(Note: review originally posted 02/23/11) So I ate here for the first time about two weeks ago and totally fell in love with the place that I wanted to book it for my (cancer) remission celebration. But when I had my return trip it was as the three stars say, &#34;A-OK&#34;. Not saying that I wouldn&#39;t return, I would but I think I&#39;d probably eat down the road at Cathay House or up the road at Joyful. I ate a lot of the yelp suggestions and that&#39;s why it gets an &#34;A-OK&#34; because everything was &#34;A-OK&#34;. From the chicken gizzard to the shrimp and eggplant to the yellowtail tartar to the honey toast. Not that they didn&#39;t taste good but it&#39;s not like they blew my socks off either.
I&#39;ve been to Vegas so many times, that after the nth time, I realized that I really didn&#39;t know it beyond the Strip. My local friends would make fun of me, so to remedy that, I&#39;d ask them to take me to their favorite places. I am in LOVE with this place. The menu was on my table, on the walls behind me, and hanging all over the top of the bar. You have to walk around to see what they have. It&#39;s a bit overwhelming. But you totally have to hit this amazing grill/sushi place that is a local favorite. The menu consists largely of small cooked food dishes...grilled fish, skewered items, rolls and marinated sashimi dishes. This is true comfort food...makes me feel all warm and fuzzy...and I always want to go back to hang with my friends and get all happy :)The last time I was there, I had that honey toast thing. OMG...it was this block of Taiwan toast, filled with honey on the inside and toasted to yummy perfection. They topped it with vanilla ice cream and I wanted to eat the whole thing. But I&#39;m thinking...bad, it was late, too many carbs.So that&#39;s the other thing, this place is open so late, that it&#39;s perfect for the Vegas lifestyle.... and those of us who are from out of town and get caught up in it.
4 stars, really Yelpers?! Excuse a moi, but wtf?! My French is terrible, I know, but seriously just wtf?!! Either this place has gone way downhill (which I&#39;ve heard from multiple sources) or we had an inexcusably horrible and overly drawn out experience. We made rezzies for a Friday at 5, when they open! I heard this place gets packed so I thought it was best to get in early. Hello~ no one was there. LOL. We were the only ones waiting. After they opened a couple of patrons trickled in. It wasn&#39;t until we started getting our food that other diners started to show yet service was incredibly slow. It was almost deliberate and made all the more annoying when there were two servers there, but only one working.The food, ugh. It was undercooked, overcooked, overly salty, and even needing salt. We ordered so much food and NOTHING tasted good. We left everything less than half eaten and tried to get out as quick as possible to go elsewhere, but getting our check took FOREVER!! The waitress started dropping off checks to every other table, BUT OURS! Without exaggeration, we sat there for 15 min. twiddling our thumbs and waiting for our check. Never again. Don&#39;t go here if you value your time, money, and tastebuds. Such a waste of calories. Ugh.
I&#39;d like to point out that I am an Ichiza fan! However, recently they have been declining in quality.I would also like to point out that recently, Ichiza has a C rating on their cleanliness. Their ratings are hidden behind the cash register, and it is a wonder why I did not enjoy their sushi so much.
Located a few minutes from the Vegas Strip, Ichiza is a welcome break from the endless $1.99 shrimp cocktail specials and all-you-can-eat buffets.  This small and authentic Japanese hole-in-the-wall is a favorite among Vegas locals and for good reason...everything is delicious and dirt, dirt cheap.  My table ordered:Ramen DX - The miso based broth was a bit bland and watery but the tender braised pork cheek topping was to quote Penny from Happy Endings &#34;A-mah-zing!&#34;Crab Fried Rice - For a little less than $8 you get a HUGE serving of fried rice with tons of fresh jumbo lump crab meat!  No imitation crab meat here..no siree Bob!  An order of this in the DMV area would cost at least $14.Blue Fin Tuna Poki - I prefer my poki with ahi tuna but that is just personal preference.  The fish was very fresh and seasoned perfectly with a blend of soy sauce, sesame oil, and sesame seeds.Beef Tongue Skewer - I will eat almost anything but not tongue (tongue bumps are one of the greatest fears in my life).  However this got rave reviews from my table mates for its tenderness and mild flavor.Miso Marinated Black Cod - Buttery, flaky and light -- I can&#39;t complain (although I will say I prefer Kushi&#39;s version a bit  better because it has a stronger flavor).  Beef Tataki - Surprisingly my tongue eating friends would not touch this dish because the beef was served rare.  I on the other hand ate the entire dish with gutso.  Honey Toast - This is basically a big stack  of toasted sandwich bread, slathered in honey and ice cream.  Totally worth the wait.  Total damage?  $59I don&#39;t even think David Blaine could conjure up something as magical as this himself.
This kinda tapas place is called Izakaya in Japan and I&#39;m very pleased that ichiza is here in las vegas so that I can visit there whenever I feel homesick. Unlike some &#34;Japanese Restaurant&#34; or &#34;Sushi Restaurant&#34;, which are owned by non Japanese people who doesn&#39;t know/care much about real Japanese cuisine, this place is very authentic and genuine. Food here is so creative, delicious, affordable, fresh and beautiful to look at as well. I hope this place stays open forever!!!
not bad for a japanese food around las vegas area... most of the dishes are good..i like their yakitori..the prices are reasonable...the fish that they use are fresh..one thing that need to be improved is the service..the waiter keep forgetting what we order..during weekend the queue could be very long...CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!
Came here for a late night snack around 10pm. Lots of people looked like they were getting some grub before heading out to clubs. After a 15-20 minute wait, we were seated at a nice clean table. The walls are plastered with additional menu options, but I couldn&#39;t see them all from our table. I think there were more menu items on the wall than in the printed menu! We decided to go for the Honey Toast recommended by Las Vegas Weekly and also tried the Butter Corn. The Butter Corn came out first and was nicely plated. Butter corn kernels on top of crispy chips. Yummy. The best was when the Honey Toast came out. Hot and cold. Sweet and salty. Soft and crunchy. A hollowed out toasted loaf of Japanese bread drizzled with lots of honey and topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was love at first bite. The food was delicious, the prices were affordable, an open parking spot was a bit hard to find (everyone was in here!), and the hours were great for a late night snack during our trip to Vegas! This restaurant is located on the second floor of a strip mall, but luckily we had GPS to guide the way.  Definitely coming back on my next trip to Vegas for some more of that lovely Honey Toast.
Like many have said, the best thing about this place (besides the food of course!) is that it is open late, which makes it the perfect stop after a drive over from LA. There are a lot of options so it can accommodate everyone. We shared the half ramen, the black cod with miso, the fried chicken, the shishito peppers, and some other little bites. I liked the ramen and black cod, but probably wouldn&#39;t get the fried chicken (dry) or their yakitori again. There are so many items to try so it would be great to come with a large group to try a little bit of everything, especially since everything is served in smaller portions. The honey toast is a must so save room for dessert!
A local spot that no one should miss.  It&#39;s a relaxed atmosphere where people want the feeling of being in Japan while eating the food.  I&#39;ve been here so many times already and I&#39;m always amazed and in awe with their food, service, and overall atmosphere.  The experience is also one I&#39;ve never had.  I don&#39;t know what authentic Japanese food really means but I would assume Ichiza gives that full meaning.Just like any other Japanese Restaurants, when I walk in I&#39;m greeted loudly by all the employees in their language.  The past two times this week I&#39;ve been I was with my cousins and this was the night to devirginize Christine with sake.  Muahahahahahaha!!!!  We were seated at the bar to watch the careful preparation of each food that was ordered by all customers.  It&#39;s a small and cute little restaurant that may sometimes have a wait because of seating capacity.  The menu is either in a form of a book or hanging from the ceiling in the bar area with pictures so you can see what the food looks like before ordering it.  I have found this very useful.  Also, you can just ask one of the servers what they would recommend and always will they give you a straight up answer.  They know their shit!  What&#39;s good?  Okay, you can order their Shrimp Fried Rice, Garlic Bok Choy, Oysters (mmm... their oysters here are bomb!), sushi is also good, Kimchi Pork (this is something you have to order too), Shrimp Tempura, Sake (large bottle), and there&#39;s just so much to choose from.  The only item I wasn&#39;t very hot for was the Fried Udon.  I can&#39;t put my finger on it but I know I wouldn&#39;t order it again.  Although I&#39;ve been informed it&#39;s a popular item amongst majority of the customers.  By the end of it all, I was very full and satisfied as we ordered just the exact amount for everyone.Now, the moment of truth.  It was time to sink the shot in Christine&#39;s mouth.  We were like little school girls pouring the shots.  Christine took the shot and didn&#39;t like it but got used to it after a while drinking.  I think this is where I&#39;m gonna take my God sister when she comes to visit me.  I&#39;m excited.
This is the second time I have been to this place and I love it. It is located in China town and  it is not your typical Japanese restaurant. They don&#39;t have a lot of rolls like everyone else. The menu is always changing and you should order from the wall if you like something different. This time around my friend and I ordered:Mushroom wrapped in chicken skin- I liked this but my friend didn&#39;t. She doesn&#39;t care for chicken skin.Cold Ramen Noodle- This was good. It had chicken, bean sprouts, mushrooms and a few other things in it. I would order this again.Mackerel- This fish was good. It was sweet tasting.Tofu Steak- Too spicy for me. I couldn&#39;t even taste or feel my mouth for a long time.Seafood Scallop rock and roll- two bite sized pieces. These were really good. I would order again. Deep Fried Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin- This was really big. I was expecting bite sized nope not really. This item was just okay. I don&#39;t think I would order it again. The first few bits were good but the size of the pork on the stick was big.  The service is okay. They are always busy so you cant always get the best service and just so you know we went at 9pm on a Thursday and it was packed and people were still coming in. If you have a big party I recommend reserving a table.
If there was another star to rate this restaurant, I would give it 6 stars! We found this restaurant at total random during a late evening in Vegas. We were craving noodles for dinner and it was between Ichiza and a neighboring Chinese noodle house downstairs. Ichiza was definitely a great find and a restaurant I will probably remember for a long time!The restaurant is a cozy little place, packed with people. It looks like you stepped into a Ramen house in Japan. The staff greets you with a friendly smile. Once you&#39;re seated, you look at the menu. That night, we were all craving noodles, and looked at the Ramen menu. Intially, I thought the menu lacked a lot because there were only a few to choose from.  I asked the waitress which she&#39;d recommend and she said the one with the pork belly. So, both my buddy and I ordered it and waited. When the ramen arrived, the smell was exhilarating! The beautiful sight of the creamy broth, veggies and the noodles was overwhelming.  We digged in and MAN, it was the BEST ramen we ever had! We enjoyed every bite of it down to the last drop of broth! This place was so good that we came back on the last day of our trip, but this time during lunch hour and had their beef katsu, bento combo box with cod fish, salad, miso soup and beef bowl, and fried chicken curry and MAN...again, it was so good! I also ordered a spicy tuna handroll and it was rockin&#39;!This place really does not and WILL NOT DISAPPOINT! If you&#39;re in the area, please check this joint out. You&#39;ll be happy that you stopped by!
One of my favorite meals in Vegas, and it didn&#39;t cost an arm and a leg! This place has delicious Japanese food, some dishes with a Korean or Chinese flair, and most under $10 so you can try a ton without breaking your wallet :) We ordered the sashimi trio, agedashi tofu, pork and shiitake mushroom stirfry, kimchi fried rice, pike mackerel, calamari, and of course the honey toast!! We loved everything, but the dish that could&#39;ve gone was the pork and shiitake stirfry (nothing special, but good nonetheless). For the price ($5-10 per dish, with the exception of the sashimi), the portions were great. Definitely make a reservation if you&#39;re planning on eating 6pm or later. They&#39;re open until 2am every night so great for a late night snack as well! 10/10 will definitely come again :)
OH. MY. I. LOVE. ICHIZA! OMG. OMMMGGGGGGGGI will come here for the rest of my life every time I visit Vegas.Salmon Sashimi - Must OrderRamen - Must Order (don&#39;t know which one but omfggg droooool)Tender Beef Tongue - Must OrderBoiled Spinach in Sweet Sesame Sauce - Must OrderHoney Toast - Must OrderYellowtail Tartare - Must Order4 Different type of mushrooms dish - Must Order (Forgot name :( )Black Cod (butterfish) - Very GoodCrispy Chicken in Spicy Sauce - Very GoodPork Skewers with Shiso leaf - Very GoodO-Toro sashimi - Very Good and $$$$$Uni on Baked Mochi - OkSaba Shioyaki - OkEverything at this place ranges from freakin&#39; delicious to OK. Oh man, I&#39;m just salivating thinking of this place though. I&#39;m a bit lazy to come up with the description for every item that I&#39;ve tried but man the food here is BOMB!Location: A bit hard to find, it&#39;s located on the second floor. If you&#39;re going to CAB it, make sure you pick a cab that knows where this place is because I had a driver who didn&#39;t know where the hell he was going -_-. From the strip it&#39;s PASSED the &#34;bigger&#34; Asian Plaza aka Chinatown and in the nearby plaza...  Parking is abundant in a private lot.Price: $20-$40 depending on how much your party orders. First time I went we ordered SOOOOOO MUCH FOOOD! and the bill came out to $30!!! Including tax and tip wewt wewt!!!! It was 8 People in the party, so imagine ordering all this food (sometimes double) and splitting it among 7 other peeps. Nom nom nom nommmmSecond time we came here it was $20 incl tax&amp;tip. :)Not bad at all, it&#39;s pricey, but that&#39;s the kind of price you expect from a izakaya type of restaurant. I was expecting to drop $50, so hearing $20-$30 was awesome.
i m so tired of the same old buffet in vegas, this is perfect for my future vegas trips.Love the udon, love the sushi, love the vibe.  It&#39;s a good japanese restaurant........
Hands down, my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas. Very authentic food as well as some modern twists. Beef Tataki, tongue, wasabi octopus, oh and the bacon wrapped mochi. Small location so generally there are wait times, but so worth it. Late night hours is also a huge plus. Every chance I get I try to come here when I&#39;m in town. Go here! Trust the fat kid
YUM, YUMMy go-to spot after a long night. This place is purr-fect. Little plates of this and that so you never get bored of eating. It&#39;s no frills and they are very attentive.My faves:Grapefruit So-Ju (They make you squeeze your own grapefruit :( )garlic chicken gizzardsjalepeno fried riceBeef tongueSalmon Sashimi... Soooooo fresh and melts in your mouthI have been too full to get to dessert and try their honey toast. WAHH ;&#39;(
Went here with a group of 8 and we were all disappointed. Thought it would be good from the reviews. The people I was with are more adventurous in seafood and still didn&#39;t like their stuff much. I just really wanted good sushi rolls, so if you want that, do not come here. FOOD:Spider Roll (2 stars): Really dry, really plain. Tar Tar Roll (3 stars): It was like a sushi tostada. Pretty good, or just better than the spider roll.  Eel roll (3 stars): Probably the best roll out of the 3 I tried. Flavorful, not dry. Just not very healthy because of the fried stuff on top. Black cod fish (4 stars): Perfectly cooked. Best thing I had here. SERVICE (2 stars):Didn&#39;t get menus, chopsticks, or plates until we asked for them. It&#39;s also really hot inside, hotter than outside, and this is Las Vegas in the summer we&#39;re talking about! It also smelled inside. We had a big group so we got one of the back tables where you need to take your shoes off to sit down...probably why the place smelled.  Who knows what&#39;s on peoples feet..gross!Overall, not a place for rolls. I really didn&#39;t like any of them that much, just ate cause I was hungry. Stick to entrees maybe? Well maybe not since the other people in my group who all got different entrees weren&#39;t impressed at all either.
had a new item called tofu yum kum (feel like a dumbass saying it out loud); kinda like tom yum soup cuz it&#39;s really sour, had agadeshi tofu and shrimp in there which is good; it&#39;s kind of a mix between japanese and thai.  give it a go if you feel like you tried everything on the wall and on the menu.
When visiting Japan, you have to try the sidewalk kiosks where a wood-carved bench and old world counter wait for you to sit and have some ramen. Menus are not the same at those restaurants; rather, they consist of large papers with hand written kanji of delectables.This is where you want to eat, and thankfully Vegas has a touch of that in itself. On Spring Mountain Road, where all the best Asian food is found, is a small sake bar and grill called Ichiza. When you walk up to the door, you can already tell it&#39;s going to be great and authentic, because the writing in the signs are all kanji and English subtitled.As you enter the place, they all shout a great Japanese greeting, one I cannot spell or even create a phrase to type into my critique, but if you&#39;ve been to a Japanese sushi bar, you know what that greeting is. I love the atmosphere, because it&#39;s wooden tables and benches at the bar, just like in Japan, and there is a seating area where you take off your shoes and kneel at the table. The bar is great! You get to sit at the bar and order from the chefs themselves off of menus that are papers stuck randomly above your head. It&#39;s beautiful, very authentic--down to the hangers for the aprons in the corner of the restaurant (which reminds me of a small Japanese closet in a typical apartment there).The food is fantastic. I have to say that they don&#39;t have a wide range of sushi selections, but they have the street foods from Japan that are worth every penny. From squid on a stick to char-su ramen (pork ramen in soy), the menu is expansive, added to daily, and simply delicious.I would suggest asking the chef to make a custom roll for you, although the price will be significantly different. And if you have the budget, eat blue tail sashimi. It&#39;s spectacular and fresh.Try their food. Ichiza is at 4355 Spring Mountain Rd # 205. You can call for more information at 367-3151.Come to Japan on a staycation, or just to have a nice dinner. It&#39;s worth the trip.Tip: get there earlier than usual lunch and dinner times.  It gets crowded.
I love the wide variety of food items that they serve. I could be munching on some beef tongue skewers and downing some ramen, one night. Then treating myself to some really good japanese curry, the next day. Did I mention they also serve the best honey toast dessert in town? Oh yeah, sushi. They have that too.
Oh my poor Ichiza... it pains me to see you like this.Ichiza used to be one of the best stops in Chinatown for authentic Japanese food in a unique environment. Sadly their past success has now been replaced by disappointment.What used to be quick friendly service is now slow and indifferent. During my last visit after a 50 minute wait I had to flag down my server to get a refills and get our order in. Our food came out in waves and thus not everyone at our table was able to start/finish at the same time. As a well publicized repeat offender with the Health District, I am starting to thick twice about stepping foot inside here. The food quality has dropped off noticeably as well. My chicken and egg bowl was close to room temperature when I got it and a few of us noticed the reduced portion sizes.What used to be the darling of foodies looking for their Japanese fix, Ichiza has been spiraling downwards for sometime and I hope they can clean up their act.
I&#39;m a sushi lover so I came here to check out their selection. Their menu has a variety of items which is nice.I ordered their Tom yum roll and uni in a lemon. It was very fresh and different. The Tom yum roll came in a spring roll wrap and was flavorful and the uni was good. Their prices were a little high for being off the strip, but still good quality food.
This is a pretty happening place to be... especially the night I was there.  I&#39;ve been told it&#39;s always busy, and after eating here, I can see why.  There&#39;s a huge menu selection - everything from fried, baked, cold, to sweets.  I came here after running a marathon, so I was prepared to order anything!  The fried sweet potatoes with pork was one of my faves.  And then there was the seared tuna with ponzu sauce which was divine.  My favorite cold dish was the yellow tail tuna tar tar - there was a Spanish flare to it as it was dressed with avocados and some tomatoes.  This place is definitely a fun place to hang.  They have a large dessert selection as well.  I had to try the infamous honey toast, but I was let down.  I was expecting something out of this world, but it was just okay.  The toast and ice cream proportions were off - I found myself piled with bread at the end... having only 1 scoop of ice cream.Overall, good food with good service.
This little Japanese restaurant is always buzzing with people and good food. Great place for late night munchies and affordable food to enjoy with friends and family. I recommend you try a little bit of the many dishes since sharing will allow you to enjoy all the good little flavors this little place has to offer. Most definitely be sure to try the Honey Toast Dessert.
This place has just the right amount of ambience, great foods, reasonable prices, and location, that we make a visit to this little shop that can, every time were in Vegas.  The food is meant to go with beer or sake(duh it&#39;s a sake house) with grill skewers, finger foods snacks, fried rice and ramen, sushi, sashimi, over a 100 varieties of snack written in the walls in Japanese.  My all time favorite is the wasabi octopus, it&#39;s just so good
I&#39;m Japanese, so I&#39;ve had a lot of Japanese food in and out of the home.  This place is the best.  I would move to Las Vegas just for this restaurant.  We ordered almost everything (went with a big party), so it&#39;s safe to say that ordering anything on the menu will be a hit.  Decent prices, great service, love the look of the restaurant.
This place is so good. Many japanese like here. The food is fresh and delicious. I like Ika-Yaki (grilled squid). It&#39;s so good.
This place came highly recommended by many.  It is more traditional Japanese food however the food was not good to me at all.  Service was lagging. My taste buds just didn&#39;t mesh with the place.  Cod still had the bones in it, Honey toast wasn&#39;t as good as I expected.  Go downstairs to Kaya.
we came here because my friend recommended we try it.  it was a good excuse to get off the strip as well.  when we first walked in, it kind of smelled, which bothered me because i hate the smell of fish.  but once you settle in, the smell dissipates. ichiza is pretty much a japanese tapas place and we ordered six items for about $25 per person.  it was a little pricey for what we got, but i thought all of it was pretty good, except for the excess mayo on the pancake thing.  they also have $1.95 beer for happy hour seven days a week.  i think this place deserves 3.5 stars instead of 3, but i&#39;ve definitely had better than this, like at Ronin Izakaya Bistro in West Hollywood and Musha in Torrance.  and as for the dessert toast, you get way more bang for your buck at Tokyo Table...it&#39;s twice the size of this one for about the same price and it&#39;s pretty damn good!
the best japanese food in town... hands down.  eel-kakiage-tempura roll, beef bowl, natto roll, egg drop soup, tofu salad, katsu, shrimp tempura, asian-style omlette, ramen, yakisoba, honey toast dessert and all the other items posted on all the walls in the restaurant!
Been coming here for years since it first open about 12+ years ago?The food is awesome excellent here and there&#39;s a ton of variety + huge menu. It&#39;s my go-to Japanese place for sure.A little downside is that there&#39;s always a wait for tables (30+ mins). Unless you put in a reservation (4+ people minimum I believe)I recommend trying something different everytime you go... there&#39;s easily 100+ different little dishes menu items spread all over the walls of the restaurant and at the bar.
i love this place.  probably the closest to the j-town joints in LA.  they have various menu items listed around the restaurant and they&#39;re all very tasty...and reasonably priced.  the sushi is okay but the rest of the menu is great.  our favorites were the croquettes, mochi bacon, and fried wings.  service is hit and miss.  we&#39;ve had great service there...but we&#39;ve also experienced terrible service.
Nomnomnom!My friends and I like Ichiza a lot, and it is one of the places that we have to go to at least once when we are in town.  The decor, atmosphere, seating arrangements, and Japanese writing all over the walls really makes this place feel like a traditional izakaya.If you can read Japanese, or have friends who can, or know your foods, you&#39;ll certainly get more out of a visit here than if you didn&#39;t.  They have a standard menu, which certainly has a few gems (lots of people order the ramen dx, and the grilled squid is pure nomnomnom), but then they also have their not-so-secret menu plastered all over the walls.I like to get their kimchi and pork okonomiyaki (they have another name for it that I always forget).  One will fill me up, and I usually ask people to grab a bite or two.  Couple it with a pitcher of Sapporo (or two), and honey toast for dessert, and thats about as good as it gets!
Ah, Ichiza. I gotta give it up, yo. It&#39;s most certainly always a good time when I roll through and I have no problem bringing friends to enjoy in your delectable delights. As some of my good friends know, I have this love-love relationship with  Japanese food and anytime the option presents itself to get my grub on, I am sure to follow through. Ichiza is one of those spots that I usually don&#39;t frequent too often like I do other Japanese establishments but if I have a pretty good sized group gathered willing to drink some beer or sake and have some small plates to accompany, this is usually my go to.  As far as food goes, I usually hit up the specials menu to start off the night.  Last time I stopped in, they had shigoku oysters, chu-toro, and kohada (as you can tell, I love me some SEAFOOD!.. or if you don&#39;t, google it heehee) on the special menu for the day and I delightfully ordered it up. The special menu rotates daily (?) so be sure to check it out whenever you stop in as it changes and presents some new stuff upon each visit.  From the regular menu, I am always happy to suggest the oyako don chicken bowl, ikayaki whole grilled squid, and the uni in ponzu sauce (if they still have any in stock).  I always round it out with some sunomono cucumber or wakame seaweed salad to make my meal somewhat complete and to my definite satisfaction.  Not a big dessert guy but gotta give a shoutout to the honey toast here; definitely a fan favorite.Tip: look at the menu posted on the wall as some of it is not mentioned in the menu; if you have a big group, go early to get a table in before your patrons fully arrive to grub; and be sure to check out some of the bottled stuff aside from the house sake and beer as they have some tasty items chillin&#39; in the backEnjoy!!
It&#39;s honestly a slight love and hate relationship with me and ichiza. The food just isn&#39;t satisfying but this place opens late.I&#39;ve had their ramen and it&#39;s doable. I like how they give half bowls if you&#39;re not that hungry. I&#39;ve also had some of their sushi and it&#39;s okay. The chicken katsu was boring and lacked in flavor.  The only sauce they had was tempura sauce that didn&#39;t do much at all. The pork and shrimp dumplings were weird. They are pretty much shu mais. There was one shrimp and the rest was a mystery mush filler. The tofu steak was actually good! I liked the miso sauce on top and the bean sprouts on the bottom. The tofu was actually crispy too!Service is attentive and nice.
Definitely my favorite of Las Vegas. I was bummed they ran out of the honey toast, cuz I heard so much about it from fellow yelpers. So don&#39;t go so late like I did (12am).  I had the best beef ever!!! Even better than Korean BBQ...wait, nothing can beat korean bbq. Anyhoo, it&#39;s called &#34;Beef Tataki.&#34; For like $6, it&#39;s a tiny dish with several slices of this deliciously flavored meat. I would rather have several dishes of this stuff than some plain boring american steak. Another fantastic dish: &#34;Crab Fried Rice.&#34; Around $7, and it&#39;s a perfect size for one person. I think it&#39;s fake crab meat, but it&#39;s the best fried rice ever! They used some magical oils for sure. Not oily, just incredibly flavorful! This place uses fresh ingredients and makes every dish soooo intense with flavor, but still healthy!! I had the red snapper carpaccio as well,very fresh thinly sliced fish with some eggs and some veggies, but it felt too light like salad without much dressing. But seriously, I will come back to try everything :) I trust their taste. And the Japanese girls that work there are so cute and sweet. The manager is also very personable.
For quite a few years I&#39;ve heard nothing but good things about this place (especially the Honey Toast), but never could find the time to take a visit and try it out.That changed today. One of my friends believes that every time you have a birthday or some random celebratory incident, you should visit a brand new place to make it more memorable. With such beliefs, we trekked down to Ichiza today after work for my birthday.At first it was a bit overwhelming as we didn&#39;t know what to expect and having the menu spread sporadically amongst the walls wasn&#39;t much help. However, it made this place a lot more interesting. I knew I had to order the Honey Toast, so the first thing we did was ask for it.Man, were all the rants and reviews about this culinary piece of tasty goodness correct! We killed it after making a few jokes about how one certain person in our group thought the big glob of ice cream was butter. Thank goodness it wasn&#39;t! We were contemplating ordering one more, but decided we should trek further into the menu.Since there were so many choices to decide from, we all decided to pick one thing and we would pick off eachother&#39;s plates. We decided to play it safe and stuck with Ika Rings (fried calamari), Yakisoba Quesadilla (New Item), Salmon &amp; Mozzarella Tempura (New Item), &amp; Spicy Deep Fried Chicken. The Ika Rings came first, and they were the typical fried calamari fare (tough and crunchy).The Salmon &amp; Mozzarella Tempura came next, and this definitely was one of the best dishes of the night. The cheese was nice and gooey and the salmon lined the cheese against the tempura batter. We probably should have ordered a second order.Another popular favorite amongst us was the Yakisoba Quesadilla. One issue a few of us had was the ginger. We&#39;re not huge ginger fans, so the fact that we tasted it kind of ruined the feel good first bite of this dish. Other than that, this item was amazing.After we finished these four, we decided to order a few skewers of Yakitori. Three of us (including myself) had grown up in various parts of Japan during our childhood, and these chicken pieces on a stick brought many memories back to us. Memories always lead to great conversation.I fell in love with this place; however, I think next time I&#39;ll order something different and be sure to ask for no ginger.
Food: 5/5Service: 4/5Cleanliness: 4/5Decor &amp; Style: 5/5I love the late night vibe here. Very big city-like when its 1am and you still want some place hoping and with great Japanese tapas. The meats are great and nothing too chewy.  From grilled salmon, beef tongue, beef bowls, Japanese beer, or raw fish I love it all. I try something new each time! Been here about 4 times.
I go here too much, and some of there food is my favorite. This place reminds me of Asian tapas because everything is about $5-$10 and you have to order more than one thing, or at least I do.
We LOVE this place!!! Second night in a row! We were here last time we visited Vegas and remembered a great meal then too, so we came back! OMGoodness...sashimi quality is amazing! Tuna was put red tender flesh with fresh deep flavor, salmon and yellowtail were perfectly cut and perfectly buttery! Jalapeño fried rice is simply the best fried rice I&#39;ve ever had, EVER! Udon, ramen, shishito peppers, sunomono, eggplant, yam...WOW, ON POINT! Prices are very reasonable and staff is friendly, helpful and conscientious. Great experience, great meal, definitely our favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas!!
Came here a few years ago for late night and for dinner this past visit to Vegas. Maybe because I was starving, but I&#39;m giving it a 4 star. Maybe 3.5 star if I wasn&#39;t so hungry. This is a Japanese spot with mostly appetizers/sharing plates. Pretty chill place, not fancy. No wait on Sunday 6pm.Food: First thing that came out was the Beef Tongue skewers. Omg it was good! I ordered another one after. I coulda probably had a third too. Should&#39;ve. 5 star item! Everything else we got were good/just ok. Udon: Pretty normal/plain. Just wanted a filler. It had seaweed, an egg, and mushrooms. That&#39;s  all :/ Fried quail eggs: Nothing special. I love quail eggs sooo thought I&#39;d try it out. Grilled Squid: My friend wanted this. Not me. It was not something I enjoyed and there were so many pieces! Agedashi Tofu: Pretty normal. Beef Tataki: It was pretty good. Definitely not a filler. Fancy Shmancy raw beef. They have a Honey Toast that I was going to try, but opted out of it since we were going to go elsewhere for dessert. Prices: Total for 2 people was $45 w/ tip/tax. Something like that. Not bad. I&#39;m also on vacay mode though, so I tend to have a higher threshold for spending on food. So I thought this was pretty good deal. haha.
The first thing you have to know about Ichiza is that most of the good stuff is NOT on the menu.  Rather, the majority of menu items are posted on little sheets of paper filling all 4 walls.  And unfortunately, the wait staff is often so busy that they don&#39;t have much time to explain what half of these items are.  Fortunately, regular customers will!  Taking the advice of our next-door table, we had a great meal.  Just wish we had been able to come back to try a few more items.The food is very Japanese in that while it has a lot of traditional dishes like Oyakodon, it also has some very interesting Japanese takes on american foods. We didn&#39;t go too adventurous this time (we&#39;ll have to do that when we go back) and got the followingIka RingsPork fried UdonSpicy Tuna Rolland a few other items I&#39;m forgetting now.However, the dish that made our meal was the Honey Toast, which they should really call the &#34;Honey Loaf&#34;.  It&#39;s seriously half a loaf of bread toasted (the insides are amazingly fresh and doughy) covered with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and a healthy layer of honey. Perfection.God damn it&#39;s good. Thankfully my wife was nearly full so I got to have some of her half as well.
Thank you Yelpers for reviewing this place or I would probably be starving halfway through the crazy long line to the Wynn buffett. It was christmas eve and the wait was 4 f*cking hours. I kid you not.Ichiza is a fabulous little restaurant of japanese food, tapas style. food is great! Our waitress was friendly and accommodating. You must try the black cod. That was heaven! The atmosphere is cozy, it reminds me of this little place in st marks in nyc. Similar food. Very japanese and tastes authentic. The only problem is that they also have hand-written menu all over the wall, which makes it a little hard to see. I highly recommend this little restaurant and would totally go back here whenever i&#39;m in sin city.
I&#39;m a local and eat here at least once a week.  Quality of the food is great!  The place opens at 2pm which is a little late for lunch, so we&#39;re always starving by the time we get there.  Sashimi is fresh!  Try the squid balls.... Trust me!Desert- go for the honey toast or crepe!
Came her for dinner last night and the restaurant was quite busy considering it was around 7:00 pm. There were no booths open so I I sat at the sushi bar. In addition to the regular menu there&#39;s items posted all over the sushi bar and walls of additional items offered. The restaurant interior is nothing fancy but for being a Tuesday night it was  still very busy and the restaurant is located on the second floor in a run down shopping center of China town.I ordered the grilled beef tongue, seared beef bonito albacore salad, Black cod fish in miso sauce, and seared scallops wrapped in salmon sashimi. Service is not the fastest but the quality of food definitely is quality fresh and unique. The grilled skewer beef tongue was tasty but a tad chewy, albacore salad was the bomb just as the black cod  fish and scallops.I recommend this place and would return in the future.
After arriving in Las Vegas late night on Friday, my friend and I were looking for a good sushi place to eat that was open until 4am so we ended up here. This was more in &#34;China Town&#34; so it was a bit off the strip but it was well worth it. The place was located upstairs in the plaza and it was very cozy. Even around 1:30AM there were quite a few people there. The hostess and servers were really nice and very accommodating but our server was a bit hard to understand at times but she didn&#39;t mind repeating things for us. I loved how attentive they were to us and how the manager himself called the cab for us when we requested it.Note: There is more to the menu than what they hand you. There are a lot of items that they serve on the wall. If anything, just ask your server for help deciding what to order. Ours was amazing and we liked everything she recommended.The food will be annotated since I&#39;m already a week late:Beef Tongue: One skewer with thick grilled slices of beef tongue. It had a good flavor to it and the meat was tender with a nice texture.Toro (Tuna): They had all 3 grades. We bought the highest grade and it was served with the under-skin attached. The sashimi was served in huge thick slices. The sashimi came with sliced radish, black fish eggs, and wasabi. This was delicious as the tuna just melted in your mouth and then the skin added a nice texture to the fish.Yellowtail Cocktail: Reminded me of a sushi taco. It had two friend wonton wrappers with rice in between with a mix of diced tomatoes, kewpie, green onions, yellowtail sashimi, and avocado. I really enjoyed the crunch of the wonton wrappers and the wonderful &#34;cocktail&#34; on top. The flavor was delicious, the sashimi was fresh and prominent, and the tomatoes, green onions, and avocado added a nice flavor and texture to it all.Gizzard: One skewer with slightly charred gizzard. I liked this overall for the taste and texture, but I think I was more distracted by the other dishes.Black Cod Fish Filet: If you like a really buttery tasting fish, you&#39;ll love this one. This was grilled so it had a nice crispy skin, but on the inside was flakey, buttery, and oily like a well-cooked Chilean sea bass. This had a fall-apart-and-melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness that was slightly sweet and savory.Saba Grilled Miso: Had a good savory flavor with a touch of miso. I really liked the crisp skin that contrasted the juicy but slightly chewy meat. As with any Saba, it had a bit of a fishy flavor, but the fishy flavor wasn&#39;t as prominent like when you eat the sashimi.Salmon Sashimi: Well worth the price! There were 5 thick, 1 cm cuts of salmon. It was an amazingly good portion, beautiful presentation, and good marbling on each piece.Tuna Poki: This was fresh blue fin tuna mixed with seaweed salad that had 4 different types of seaweed in it. Each one added a different but nice texture to the dish. I liked the nice soy sauce and sesame seed flavor.Another thing to note here was a good selection of sake.Overall, I had an amazing experience. The place is open late. The service was great: really nice, always refilled our waters, cleared our plates, made sure we didn&#39;t need anything, got everything we needed promptly, and helped us order delicious food. The food was amazing: the portions were good, sushi was fresh, flavor was amazing, and the presentation of each plate was pretty. I can&#39;t wait to come back here again!
I love Ichiza ! Everything in their menu is really delicious and good reasonable price. I always go here late night Becuase they open Til 3am. The salmon belly is what I would suggest you to order.l when you visit here. Parking is a Hassle but the atmosphere is very welcoming. Customer service is a A+ for me.
I haven&#39;t been here in a year or two.. Reason being is the last time I walked in with a friend and it smelled soooooo bad. It turned me off I almost thought I was pregnant!Well here we are and I walked in tonight and it&#39;s that same disgusting smell if they didn&#39;t wait so long to seat me I probably would have tolerated it and stayed.Weak sauce, it was cool back in its hay day!
We went here with a group of people for my friend&#39;s birthday.  They misplaced her reservation so the wait was slightly long I think.  It&#39;s a happenin place and there was a bunch of people there, so it was loud and crowded.  We were able to get seated in the area where you have to take off your shoes so that was kind of fun.I didn&#39;t really get the whole order off the wall thing, but it was fun.  I just kept wondering if there was more stuff that we were missing on the other side of the restaurant because we wanted to try everything!We ended up getting probably 10 things, I&#39;m not sure the exact number.  Here were the ones that totally sticked out in my mind:Seared Salad - Nice and fresh with some carpaccio.  The flavors were excellent.   Kimchi fried rice - I&#39;m actually not a huge fan of kimchi, so I&#39;m not sure why I liked this rice so much.  But anyway, it had a good spicy flavor, and I like.  Went well with the pork belly.Pork belly - YUM.  The meat was so delicious it just melts in your mouth.  Yellowtail Tar Tar - I would probably go back just for this.  I don&#39;t know how to explain it, but the flavor was awesome.We got the honey toast upon recommendation from Yelp.  Huh?  It just tastes like toast with honey on it with ice cream on top?  I can make that at home and it would be so much cheaper.  There was a bunch of other stuff that we got that I already forgot.  I wish it was slightly cheaper... but I really think you pay for the experience.  Plus it seems like that use good quality and unique ingredients.  I&#39;ll be back, Izakaya is fun when with a bunch of people.
Food is good but their service is getting worse each time.We came as a party of 7 and the bill was $208.38 which has already included 18% gratuity. We paid cash and added extra $4 to make it 20% gratuity.We went downstairs and this waitress named Mami yelled from upstairs saying that we owed her $1. It was very embarrassing for our whole group because of her action chasing after us with the bill in her hand. Everyone from the tea station was looking at us.My sister went upstairs and talked to her.The amount for the food was $169 and they automatically added 18% gratuity which was $208.38. We paid them in cash $212 with the extra $4. Someone internally from their restaurant took away that $4. Well $1, $4.. Whatever it was that not our main concern... Is it proper to yell and chase after customer for 38 cents short from the gratuity so that whole mall can hear that??!!!There was no apology from her at all.No matter how awesome the food is... lousy customer service can turn customers away. That&#39;s really too bad... We used to visit this restaurant every time we visit Vegas. No more!!!
This is a great izakaya place with a huge authentic menu and lots of specials.I came here with a bunch of friends after a day of climbing at Red Rocks. We had made a reservation in advance since one of our friends had been here before and we knew it would get packed quickly. It&#39;s located upstairs in a vanilla strip mall, but don&#39;t let the exterior deter you!It&#39;s already been a few weeks, so I can&#39;t remember all the dishes we ordered. A few highlights:Miso black cod: Nice and subtle flavor. Lightly broiled.Garlic steak fried rice: Sooo good. A must. Better than the kimchi fried rice.Honey toast: Save room for this. You&#39;ll thank me later.
Authentic Japanese atmosphere, make sure to check the wall for &#34;secret&#34; menu items! The Spam musubi and honey butter toast are to die for.
It&#39;s really my mistake for thinking that there&#39;s actually a great izakaya place in Las Vegas. It&#39;s like I fooled myself to think about all the goodness that an awesome izakaya can offer. Perhaps it was the alcohol. Maybe it was just &#34;hanger&#34; taking over me. I looked it up and arrived with great hope and expectation. This place is small and it has the concept of izakaya but not quite there yet. It feels more like a restaurant with open kitchen with bar tables that resembles what izakaya should look like.What&#39;s great about late night is the ultimate ramen craving mixed with good sake. So I ordered their soy based ramen, grilled squid and fried chicken appetizer. Salty, salty, salty and salty. I have never asked for a cup of hot water to water it down at any restaurants. I had to. It was like someone poured soy sauce all over the ramen and served it without tasting it. Really? Well, after a full cup of hot water, it tasted little better. I was &#34;hangry&#34; so I ate the grilled squid drenched in sauce and extra salty fried chicken. This is Vegas so I had to relax. But the Pho places are amazing and ramen at Sushi Samba in Palazzo is even better than this place. With expectation always comes disappointment.
Best Yakitori Place I&#39;ve tried ever...Great price.Stayes open late. But the best part really was the dessert...I just love the Soymilk pudding.
Great late night eat! Buta kimchee and the curry are only a couple of the good eats there.  It&#39;s pretty much always packed so either make a reservation or be prepared to wait because it&#39;s not a very big restaurant.  The workers are all very friendly and always smiling.  I ordered a bottle of kirin once and it wasn&#39;t very cold (they probably just stocked it in the fridge) but other than that, they&#39;ll be seeing me again!
Good spot for great food! They have raised their prices just a little but it&#39;s still worth it.  It was so reasonable before (prob the only reason I didn&#39;t give it 5 stars) Tends to get very crowded. Be prepared to wait. Also parking can be a little tough so try and avoid going on weekends.
This place was interesting - it&#39;s off the strip and definitely a local&#39;s spot. It&#39;s very small; seats only up to 60 people, and is located on the 2nd floor of a strip mall. I would have given it 5 stars but the man in the front was unfriendly, for a party of two we waited for a long time, and it was inconvenient to have to look around the room for items not listed on the menu. We ordered the stir fry sliced beef, grilled squid, spinach and tuna roll, and hamachi sashimi. All tasted very good - especially the grilled squid. For dessert, we ordered the honey toast which was very yummy!! Overall, it was a good experience - reservations is highly recommended! Even for a party of one, there was a long wait (a frustrated man walked out).
It was such a good decision to come to this Japanese restaurant !! They offered a wide variety of food selection and everything we tried was amazing. They environment in the restaurant is relaxing and the service is good and efficient.
we had to wait for an hour, but it was worth it.  during the hour we already figured out what we wanted, so we gave them our order immediately and they kept the plates rolling.  we were super grateful since we had a 10:30 show on the strip and we had a bad experience at another japanese restaurant where the service was so slow and the messed up 1/2 our order.  the winners of the night were...bacon wrapped mochi (it&#39;s not on the menu)kakuni (pork belly)oyster mushroom wrapped w/ chicken skinhoney toast (dessert)it was an &#34;oishi&#34; meal and we feed 3 of us for around $50, which is a lot cheaper than the strip.
Somehow we ended up with 50 per person.. we didn&#39;t even order the alcohol.Their sake infused cocktail looks interesting and I forgot my ID in my car and didn&#39;t bother to go and get it after R2R. What a bummer.The food is good, but not good enough to make me to want more. Hmm doesn&#39;t worth to come again I believe.The grilled squid is a bit too dry. The rest of the kabob are ok.
Honey Toast dessert is totally overrated.  A big hunk of ice cream surrounded by a huge piece of honey toast.  What&#39;s the big deal?Also had their ramen - can&#39;t say there was much flavor going on there.  I like having a bunch of veggies and such in my ramen but the broth needs actual taste.  They should poach one of those dudes from Monta so he can show them how it&#39;s done.Didn&#39;t get anything else but looked around and none of the food looked too impressive.  Their menu is huge which, considering how small the kitchen is, is not a good sign for the quality.  But you gotta love Las Vegas for having even decent Japanese food open so late.  But there&#39;s tons of better Japanese places if you go during normal hours.  Ichiza should be far down on the list in my opinion.
Great, local izakaya restaurant! If you ever get tired of food on The Strip, venture out to Chinatown and come to Ichiza. Lots of delicious, small plates that are meant to be shared with others.I came in a group of 6 people and ordered almost half the menu. The most memorable items were the ones not listed on the menu, but scribbled all over papers on the walls. My favorite dish was the wasabi octopus--raw octopus cut into bits and in a wasabi sauce--DELICIOUS. Other memorable items were the shabu shabu salad, grilled octopus, agadashi tofu, griled chicken gizzards, grilled beef tongue. The small plates allow you to try a bunch of different thing as they range from about $1-$10 per plate. This place is located upstairs inside a plaza and can be spotted from the street. Look for the letters in yellow. Tons of parking but can get pretty hectic as multiple restaurants are located inside this plaza. Try the back if no parking in the front.
Arguably the most authentic Japanese eatery/ izakaya in the Sin City. I don&#39;t really drink but I like izakaya food very much - the small portion is the charm as you can try many different things in one single meal. Their poki tuna/tofu salad is my favorite.  Their yakitori and grilled dishes are very good as well - grilled beef tongue, anyone? This place is not like the usual Americanized &#34;Japanese&#34; restaurants, so think twice before you bring your colleagues/customers to this place.Anyway, for me, authenticity matters - it helps me survive the insanity of Vegas. Also this place is off the Strip, so price is very reasonable.
One of my all-time favorite places to stop by at every time I&#39;m in town!My friend that lived in Vegas took me here for the first time 3 years ago and I&#39;ve come back a few more times in the following years. They have so many options on the menu I never know what to choose! They also have specials and other items that are listed on the walls and not on the menus so be sure to check those out too. It does get kind if difficult sometimes to read the messy, colorful, and small handwriting across the room with the Japanese words bigger than the tiny English translations on the bottom, along with the fact that there&#39;s SO many on the wall you could get lazy at looking at the whole wall after going down just the first row of items. One would think english is the more common language to read..What I do know is you must get the yellowtail tartar which was so amazingly delicious I could imagine the taste and crunchiness in my mouth right now. It is a great appetizer to start out with and the yellowtails freshness is complimented so well with the blend of avocado, rice, and crispy delights.Another good one is the tender and juicy beef tongue, the one that&#39;s sizzling on a hot plate not the skewers because its more of a good deal for the price and amount you&#39;re getting. I&#39;ve also tried a variety of the skewers and they weren&#39;t bad but I just think you&#39;re better off getting other dishes that are more worth the price. I&#39;ve also tried the red snapper carpaccio: delicious, agedashi tofu which was pretty decent, a couple of their sashimis which have all maintained their freshness, and honestly I don&#39;t remember what else I have tried because there&#39;s just so many..But  save the best for last...honeytoast AHH. You MUST get this no matter what. I&#39;ve never had brick toast so good until I discovered the absolute best at Ichiza! I highly recommend you let your waitress know at the beginning that you will be getting it because it does take a while to make. The warmth of the crispy toast drizzled with honey mixed with the creamy lather of ice cream definitely hits the spot. They soak the soft buttery insides of the bread with just the right amount of honey, and top it all off with big scoops of vanilla heaven. Oh my goodness your tastebuds will literally be doused with feelings of ecstasy and thanking you the whole way. No lie.Service is meh don&#39;t really remember much, just servers doing their job accordingly. The restaurant is a little bit cramped, and it can get waaaay too busy at night, but if you come in the afternoons it&#39;s not too bad. They are open quite late though. Just remember, whatever you do, whatever you order, no matter how full you are..Get the honey toast!!
Loving this place, I like the atmosphere. High note was the food quality/portion vs pricing. We spent only $50 with leftovers from all the sides we could stuff into our bellies of 2. Octopus sashimi is def worth a try!
The only thing that stood out for me at Ichiza was the honey toast.  It was amazing and deserves 3 stars on its own.  I love honey, so if you don&#39;t love honey, then don&#39;t order it.Everything else I had at this place was mediocre.  I look for quality when I eat Japanese tapas, and none of these dishes were up to par for my taste.  Maybe the butterfish was the only dish I liked.  So if you&#39;re here, please order it, it&#39;s really good; melt in your mouth status!  But, the food definitely filled me up, and gave me the Japanese fix I needed so it didn&#39;t disappoint completely.  But for the prices you have to pay, it isn&#39;t worth it.  Prices should be re-evaluated for quality.The menu needs to be rewritten with everything on the wall. It gets real frustrating to figure out what you want to order next because you feel you might be missing out on something great but it might be written somewhere you can&#39;t see.  I&#39;m not sure this is good for business so I highly suggest the menu revisited and updated.
I love Ichiza. Small Japanese Izakaya in Chinatown. I think I&#39;ve already reviewed the place but oh well. I always get the same things. Shabu shabu salad, ahi tuna tar tar, agedashi tofu, Tom yum roll, jumbo meat patty, and this other sushi roll on the wall that has eel and a little fried like sweet potato cake on it. The food is consistently good and once you&#39;re in from possibly waiting then the service is pretty good. They have daily specials and aside from their menu they have items all over their walls. They really should update their menus or figure something out. They have so many things to choose from that people never know of because they can&#39;t read the walls. Anyways the food is priced okay but the food itself is always really good. I suggest going right when they open or before they close otherwise they&#39;re always busy.
Located in Chinatown off the strip, this place is a great find for good asian food.I would recommend the ramen dx--with its pork belly, seaweed bits, bean sprouts, cabbage, bamboo shoots, and half an egg in yummy broth, it&#39;s a great cure for vegas-induced hangovers and vegetable cravings. It comes in half-size and full-size--if you&#39;re still recovering from the night before, the half-size is enough. If you&#39;re really hungry, get the full-size cuz it&#39;s huge.Other good dishes that our party got: the beef tongue (first time I&#39;ve ever tried it and it was less chewy than I expected with good flavor), jalapeno fried rice, beef tataki, and tuna tartar. The presentation for everything is really nice and the servers are attentive. Our waters were constantly filled even though we had a big group. Tip: Take some time to look over handwritten menu items taped to the wall because a lot of them are good and not included in the printed menu.
Fresh, delicious sashimi that has a buttery mouth feel. Tasty skewered meat (had both chicken and beef tongue, both tender and flavorful) The two disappointments are 1) the ramen DX, the broth is a milky white-ish broth but it doesnt taste like bone broth, and doesnt taste like miso either, the broth is just salty- it&#39;s hard to enjoy the ramen without strong flavorful broth 2) vegetable tempura rice bowl was ordered, while it&#39;s delicious, it comes with fried shrimp and octopus too. Wow good thing we&#39;re not vegetarian or this could be a disturbing fact- and when we told waitress it came with shrimp and octopus, and it also did not specify that in the menu- all she could say was I&#34;M SO SORRY. No offer of resolution of any kind.So 1 star off for mediocre service and 1 star off for the ramen mystery broth.
4.5 starstheir oyako don was really flavorful with juicy chicken and tender soft egg! We had the mini toast which was crunchy and caramalized into a golden color. The grilled black cod was also done really well.I will keep coming back whenever I get the chance!
If I can take the chefs of Ichiza and open a new and bigger restaurant with trained servers, hostesses, etc... I would probably have one of the best Asian restaurants in all of Las Vegas. The issue with Asian restaurants in general is the poor service. It can really put a damper in your dining experience. Instead of hiring experienced waitresses who can clearly understand what you&#39;re saying and be attentive throughout the meal, many Asian joints hire their nieces and/or other family members, or perhaps even random attractive Asian girls. Let&#39;s just say, Ichiza... you have phenomenal Japanese food. Authentic and not overpriced, with an extensive variety offered all over the walls and on the menu. Your ramen is definitely better than Monta&#39;s (at least that&#39;s my opinion). I will always crave your curry udon, pork and onion skewers, fresh oysters, and pretty much everything else offered in that tiny space of a restaurant ;)   But please, please, please work on the service aspect! On the several occasions I&#39;ve been to this restaurant, my group and I waited about 15+ min to be approached after seating. We watch hungry and thirsty as the 2 or 3 waitresses on duty walk by, bus tables, stare at other tables, giggle in the back, or just plain stand around. We usually have to flag someone down to inform her that we&#39;re ready to order and once we do, we feel rushed and it is rather difficult to communicate half the time. The food takes a little longer than the average Asian restaurant, which is ok... but once it&#39;s out, don&#39;t expect to see your waitress again. Or.. you will see her walking around, but she won&#39;t acknowledge your existence. Good luck on refills! Last night was a prime example. We had 4 of us in the group. We finally ordered our dishes, they came out after some time, then we had a 5th join us. Long story short, he did not have a chance to order anything at all, not even a glass of water. Needless to say, this place has fabulous food, and it&#39;s adorable on the inside... very Japanese :). Workers are polite but lack any restaurant experience. I was torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars strictly due to service! I sure hope that aspect improves because then it would certainly be a 5 star experience all around!
Coming here is a MUST whenever I&#39;m in Vegas! Honestly, eating down at the strip is great but  it&#39;s costly and the food just starts to get too much. Exploring the areas outside of the strip has lead me to Ichiza which is probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas now. The wait can be a little long. I recommend ordering off the specials listed on the wall and just ignore the menu!
A friend recommended this place. Came here for dinner &amp; it wasn&#39;t as busy as I thought it would be from reading all the other reviews. Friendly environment. The food was GOOD! I&#39;d recommended getting the yellowtail tar tar mmm yummy to my tummy. Also had the scallop wrapped w salmon &amp; it was actually ok. I didn&#39;t really care for the fried garlic. I&#39;d come back to this place again when visiting vegas in the future.
I&#39;m sure I&#39;ve reviewed Ichiza before as I&#39;ve been here about 50 times over the past 10 years. This place never disappoints. My must order list: -Red snapper sashimi/carpaccio-Yellow Tail on tortilla chip w/ rice &amp; pico de gaillo (can&#39;t remember what this one&#39;s called) but it&#39;s on their menu-Buta Kimchi-Fried Quail Eggs-Spinach &amp; Enoki Mushrooms in garlic butterI will occasionally deviate from my favorites and try something dangerous. Everything is good, but my belly is only so big, so I have to be picky.-Tuna Tartar w/ quail egg on half avocado (exactly as it is described) no frills-Sea Urchin w/ ponzu, again very simple, no frills-wasabi green beans, this one was &#34;meh&#34; just tempura greenbeansTake a Pass on these items: They are Good mind you, but not their specialty.-kimchee fried rice-all ramen bowls-kushiyaki: gizzards, hearts, tsukuni. It&#39;s always tough, I&#39;ve tried several timesCome early, or late, this place is always packed. Good news it&#39;s open till 2:30am!
In Vegas for a bachelorette party, and it was our last night in town. After a lot of gambling, a 5-course meal at Picasso, a show at Thunder Down Under, and the V Lounge, we were ready for our second dinner.. aka midnight schmorgusborg. Took a cab from the Venetian, and in 5 minutes we were at Ichiza, at 2:30am. How awesome that their kitchen was still open? How great was it that there was the shortest wait, and the staff was enthusiastic and kind? It was all great. 5 stars, no joke.Random sheets of 8.5x11 sheets of paper taped up on the walls with various delectable items to order, as well as dry erase boards that have specialties listed. You also get a small half-sheet printout of what the daily special is. Each diner also gets a small tofu+seaweed salad to start.Chicken Gizzards - main reason we came, was craving this all day, and we got them two ways - garlic fried and also skewered and grilled -- delicious!! just the right amount of chew, and it was delectableWhole Grilled Squid - it was fairly impressive to see an entire squid on a plate, and it was cut up to quarter inch lengths -- char-grilled and very flavorfulUni - uni uni uni oooooooo--neeeee - wow this was amazing, the uni is served in half a lemon, and we ordered 7 of these -- fresh, sweet, so worth itCrab Row Croquettes - crispy outside, and yummy not-too-gooey inside, served with a side of tangy dippy sauceBroiled Mushrooms - more than 4 types of mushrooms, cooked to perfection -- however, if you want lots of flavor because you are somewhat tipsy, then you gotta add some soy sauce, otherwise the natural mushroom flavors may seem a bit tameHoney Toast - so my friend said they forgot to toast the interior cube of bread, but it was my first time having it, so I didn&#39;t miss the toasting. Basically, a big cube of texas toast hollowed out, and served up buttered and drizzled with honey, and a side of vanilla ice creamI regret that I was so eager to try their small plates that I completely neglected to order any of their ramen dishes. I would definitely come here again, and I do recommend it for late night dining and a great place to bring friends.This place is in Chinatown, so it&#39;s not walking distance to the Strip, and there is a shortage of taxicabs in this side of town. Be prepared to order a cab to pick you up, and the restaurant staff is helpful at placing the call and giving directions on your behalf.
Reunited at last.....with the honey toast dessert.  When I saw this on their menu I was ecstatic, as the first time I had it was in Hawaii over a year ago, also at a Japanese restaurant. The carby-sweet dessert was the perfect end to dinner and it was a great combo of both warm (toast) and cold (ice cream) entities.We made reservations for a group of 9 and was promptly seated. We ordered a bunch of small plates to share, some of which included: chasu sushi roll, uni pon, Agedashi tofu, gizzard, fried chicken, shishito peppers, gyoza, red snapper carpaccio, miso butterfish, and a bunch more. For a snug place like this, our food came in a timely matter. Portions for each item was small, so definitely order a few items. Decor was busy to look at as there were random menu offerings posted throughout.  Parking can get tough since the private parking lot is shared by other restaurants in the plaza. Now, on to the hunt for honey toast in the Bay area!
Beef Tongue Stew.Wasabi Octopusan order of skewers, and a bowl of white rice.and youre good to go
Must try items are all on this list. Hamachi jalapeños, Unagi tempura sushi. Pork belly in broth. Everything is delicious! Go early before the dinner rush or late night snack.
Tartar yellowtail! I couldn&#39;t believe how good it was! Service was very fast and very friendly. I&#39;m going back tomorrowwwww
Came here on Saturday night during our Vegas trip. The skewers were very flavorful and the grilled squid was delish. We had 3 bottles of sake it was very smooth one of the best I&#39;ve ever had. Would definitely recommend this place.
Love Ichiza. Its&#39;s all tapas but the plate portions are big enough leave your belly feeling full. They have anything from skewers, to ramen, to stiry fry, to fried fish, to sushi rolls and sashimi. I like coming to Ichiza both when I&#39;m feeling really hungry or just want something small to eat because either way I&#39;m always satisfied. The only thing that I don&#39;t really care for is how they have their &#34;off the menu&#34; items posted all over their walls. So I&#39;m sitting there looking like a weirdo, squinting and staring across the room to see what else I want to order lol. Besides that, I love Ichiza.
Great place to go to have some drinks and food with a group of friends before heading out for the night. Service is mediocre and most of the menu is on the wall which was frustrating but the menu is very diverse. Really enjoyed the wagu carpaccio and the butterfish. Toro and uni were very fresh although the portions were small. One of the coolest things about this place is the fact that the pitchers of beer have a ice chamber in the center to keep your beer colder for longer! Genius!  The wait can be long so come early.
I&#39;m so glad this place isn&#39;t around the corner from me because I&#39;d be there every day.  It&#39;s seriously a step into some corner of Japan.  My wonderful Japanese friends are ALWAYS ready to head over their so that definitely says something about their authenticity and quality.I&#39;m not going to go on and on about this place since there are a million reviews and they&#39;re basically going to rehash whatever I have to say, so I&#39;ll go ahead and say I adore the Yellowtail Tartare, the sake I had there was delicious, this is NOT the place to get sushi as their variety is limited, and their honey toast is waaaaay too sweet for me.  If you&#39;re not into super sweet desserts, consider going somewhere else.   (Crown Bakery a few doors down is open until Midnight and is super cute and friendly, with some fun things to nibble on after dining.)   The servers chirping their ARIGATO GOZAIMAAAAAAASU is kinda adorable but the way the server disappears after they drop off your check is NOT.
Having been to Japan many times and having Izakaya style food has always been a delight for me.  I love going to these Japanese Pubs that focus on serving sake and drinks, an having tapas at the same time. There is some hit or miss with the food. The choice is outstanding, yet the quality is hit or miss. And, to get a bit more help from the servers would really help.1.  The Hours - 5 star - Hey, going to an izakaya for several rounds of drinking and drinking and eating, this is the place to go. They are like open until 3 or 4 in the morning....2.  The Food - 3.5  star - we ordered a ton of stuffFood Choice - 5 Star - Awesome. From your basics to your noodles and rice, this place has everything. Shishamo - 4 star - Very tasty overall, one order is 4 pieces of small grilled fish. Bluefin Toro - 5 star - I like the large cuts they give you and bout 5 in each serving. We were looking for o-toro and they did not have it. Still good, flavorful, nice texture.Marinated Grilled Chicken - 2 star - this was on their specials board, it kinda looked like Panda Express orange chicken, yet it was soggy and not really a texture that I would call, inspiring.  Taste was decent. Calimari - 2 star - This is my fault, as I am not an expert, just a fan. I figured calimari would be lightly breaded and fried, this was sauteed squid and while I enjoy squid in all forms, I was really expecting something else. It was not bad, I ate a lot of it, since others did not.Bok Choy - 3 star - We got two orders, so you know we wanted more. However, I am a huge bok choy fan.  The taste was great, nice garlic.  Just way over cooked. I like it al dente or just a bit more cooked than al dente. This was like real limpy.  Now I often overcook it at home when I am not paying attention and eat it all the time. I love it. Just that in restaurants I am picky and if I am paying for it, I want it perfect..... Again, we ordered a second serving, so the taste was good.Shrimp Fried Rice - 3 star - Not bad at all. Not sure how all the drunks eat this though as the dish comes out with a serving spoon, but all of us had small tapas plates and chopsticks. No bowl, not easy to eat.  Good thing I like to pick up dishes and shovel food in my mouth with the chopsticks.  Do you think they saw me and recognized my Cantonese-esque eating habits?Teba - 4 star - Love chicken wings.  Grilled on a grill, skewered.  These were overall flavorful in a simple grilled chicken way.  To me the teba has to be moist and they were.    Not sure which baby chick these little bits of a wing came from.  They were skinned (de-skinned?) spread and skewered and grilled. I guess I like big meaty wings grilled.  I should have maybe ordered 10 more plates.Tsukune - 2 star - Little chicken meatballs. These were four 1 inch meatballs on one skewer. The taste was adequate, but kinda forgetful.  And, specifically I asked for how many were in order and she said four.  There were three of us. Would have been better if I asked how many three adult men should order.  These were like popping aspirin.  Good because they disappeared quickly.Tai Carpaccio - 4 star - Red Snapper (Tai) raw.  Nice. Served on a bed of shredded daikon like vege and then on top of a sliced lemon.3.  Ambiance - the look and feel 4 star.  Amount of seating - 3 star.  For an izakaya and people drinking, the toilet is a bit small.  2 star.  The air conditioning on a summer  day in Las Vegas 1 star.  Service 4 star sometime they know and don&#39;t know the menu items. They cannot or have a trouble to relate size of each dish so you know how to order.  They are all very pleasant, nice, smiling and make you feel welcome.This is my third time to Ichiza, first time to get in. Parking is terrible, The restaurant will reserve tables so you can get there, it can be half ful and you cannot get it or you have to wait, in the heat, outside...GK says, check it out for sure. Go off hours to get a quick table and enjoy izakaya style Japanese food. It is a great experience.
went here to try to satisfy a craving for japanese food while on a weekend getaway with my boyfriend. decided on it after reading through reviews on both this place and raku. it was a saturday evening and raku didn&#39;t have any space for hours, so ichiza it was.casual, friendly environment, slightly noisy as we were seated at the bar which looks into the kitchen (which is sort of fun to observe); there were also regular tables and chairs as well as low tables to sit at as well. service was prompt. the menu was extensive as already noted, with a vast array of offerings beyond the printed menu.i was probably over-eager, and we ordered the agedashi tofu, red snapper carpaccio, salmon fried rice with mushrooms, spicy deep fried chicken, spicy tuna roll. i also ordered the much-hyped black cod in miso but thankfully there was an ordering mix-up and it didn&#39;t arrive -- i say this because the portions were very generous! not your typical japanese calorie-controlled portions.the only disappointment was the fried chicken (which is usually a revelation at these small japanese joints that churn out lots of fun dishes), which was dry and somewhat flavorless. i don&#39;t think they put any thought into the seasoning, and the batter was overly thick.the spicy tuna roll and agedashi tofu were standard -- very solid.the salmon fried rice was pretty original, taste-wise. maybe a bit too much rice in there, though.the red snapper carpaccio was my favorite. fresh and a nice combination of lemon and a slightly sour salty sauce drenching slivers of onions.finished with two pieces of mochi ice cream, which was really all we could stuff in at that point -- we eyed the honey toast being served to another table, and i was definitely intrigued -- hopefully there will be a next time!i think the strength of this place is the number of selections and a combination of decent portions and good flavors. i wouldn&#39;t say that the place is a revelation or that i&#39;m totally craving one of the dishes i tried that night, but i would definitely go back b/c i have confidence in the kitchen to offer up many more dishes that i would enjoy choosing and trying -- all without breaking the bank.
Awesome Japanese food in vegas. Reminds us of Honda Ya in Tustin if you are from the OC. It&#39;s about a mile or two off the strip in &#34;china town&#34; but I think Vegas lumps all Asians together and calls us all Chinese. I saw Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese, ...etc  The restaurant is on the second floor, parking was a bit difficult but found a spot in the next shopping center.  Great Japanese bar food, you can even make your own hand rolls.  Every time we are in Vegas, we are seeking out this restaurant. My kids love it here.
Ichiza has a very Japanese ambiance.  The restaurant is spacious, and the majority of the workers there are Japanese.  The service is friendly, and the food price is reasonable.  The have big tables for large party and smaller ones for couples.  We ordered a bunch of skewers, sushi, ramen, friend rice, fried udon, and their brick toast.   We loved all the savory food, and my nieces devour the brick toast before I could even try it, so I am going to say its delicious.  I would definitely recommend this to my friends.
Love love love this place!!! Such a great find when you&#39;re looking for a restaurant to dine in that&#39;s completely off the strip. My friends and I ordered a number of things off their menu.As a warning, everything is small plates. Tapas style. Remember, order willingly to your own heart&#39;s desire. Luckily, my group of four, spared ourselves the trouble with ordering numerous things so we could munch on a little bit of everything. All of the things mentioned in previous reviews, we&#39;re super helpful. We ordered dishes from chicken gizzard, kobe beef tataki, deep fried quail eggs, beef tongue, yellowtail tartare, uni ponzu, bacon wrapped mochi , etc. It was endless for us but we had to stop ourselves somewhere from over-eating. Would I come back again? Of course!! I love Japanese Tapas. This definitely hits the spot.
Mixed review with the family my son and wife ordered ramen. They said the that Monta was better ... I tried the ramen wasn&#39;t bad ... My daughter ordered Salmon steak and shrimp tempura bowl. That was really good. I only ordered sushi and i enjoyed it as well, every thing was fresh and service was crazy ... very bzy...we waited 30 minutes. They do take reservation and will do that next time. I did take a 1 photo of the sushi i ordered was really good. I will post it today. Please give this place a chance but i would order sea food here not the ramen.
I&#39;ve been coming here for years and their food is just as good as how I remembered when I first ate here. When you walk in, you immediately notice the open kitchen and wooden interior. Just think of a traditional Japanese ramen bar setting - even though they offer so much more than just ramen! They even have an old traditional style table in the back of the restaurant where you take off your shoes and all. Because it is tapas style, it&#39;s great when you want to try a little bit of everything. From sushi, ramen, rice bowls, skewers, and amazing desserts (like the honey toast, aka, box of looove), they have it all! And for a decent price too! My favorites are their rice bowls and tuna tar tar.The only downside of this place is that it&#39;s fairly small and gets pretty packed quick. Also, some of their off the menu items are plastered around the restaurants so you kind of have to squint around lookin&#39; like a fool. hahah.
Great place to eat with friends, always busy, and atmosphere is always fun. There might be some wait at time but I always take my friends here when we are in the mood for some japanese food.
One of my favorite restaurant, Vegas or not.  Every time I&#39;m in Vegas, I come here.  Sake houses in Japan were set up to drink Sake socially and have an occasional snack with them.  Ichiza was set up in this manner as well, but it seems that food is the main occasion over the sake.  But that&#39;s ok.  Japanese hand written signs are hung on the walls everywhere and a menu is provided.  It&#39;s kind of like a Tapas joint where you order many items, they are small in nature and you share with your table.  So many good items like Bochoy, Shrimp Garlic Eggplant, Grilled Squid, etc.  Don&#39;t expect your standard Japanese fare like Tempura or Sushi (although they serve them).  No ridiculous Japanese Steak house either, which really bothers me since those places aren&#39;t traditional Japanese fare.  This place is traditional Japanese fare where you can&#39;t get most of the items in most American Japanese restaurants.  Seating is limited and at times you will share a table with others.  Parking is bad and I usually have to park in the lot adjacent to it.  Give it a try.  I think you will like it.
i&#39;ve enver had japanese small plates before, so this was a first for me. i felt like we were ordering everything and there was only 4 of us! but it was perfect, filling, and came out to be fairly inexpensive. the food was all well prepared, the waitress was kind enough to suggest several options, most of which we tried and was really good. we also wanted onigiri and wasn&#39;t sure which we wanted but could recall the taste. so we tried to describe it to her and she was helpful in bringing out a small bit of what she thought we were trying to describe to let us taste it before we ordered.. very helpful. portions were a good size, service was great too. definitely liked the octopus, cooked perfectly. their seaweed salad was an awesome array of different types of seaweed, lightly sauced and very refreshing, not the usual u&#39;d get at an americanized japanese place. their rolls were a good size, and when they said tempura, they really mean a whole another portion of tempura in there, er, on there =P, depends on what u get. i definitely recommend this spot. my favorite, tho it wasn&#39;t clearly stated on the menu, was their onigiri.. i know it&#39;s simple and hard to f-up, but the rice was perfect, the amount of fish eggs was perfect, and the seaweed was crisp and seem fresh. i&#39;d come back just for that ;)we didn&#39;t get drinks tho, and weren&#39;t in the mood for drinks so i forget what their collection is like.overall, service was good, food was good, atmosphere was very chill.. love the onigiri =)
Second time here.  Had the fresh tofu, Japanese eggplant and cooked tofu with sautéed jalapeño bean sprouts.  Delicious, different silken textures with lots of flavors.  Fried oysters were crispy on the outside and moist and juicy inside.  Grilled Saba was good not great.  Including 2 beers and iced green tea, check was still less than $50. Including tax and a nice tip.  Definitely coming back again to try more of the sashimi and sushi rolls Service was excellent!
Have never been disappointed with the food here. The sashimi we had here is better than what we had at Yellowtail in the Bellagio. In addition, they have harder to find dishes like salmon head, beef tongue or jalapeño fried rice. If you like Japanese food they have a big selection of choices for everyone and it&#39;s not far from the strip.
Food is great but they&#39;re  friendly COCKROACH gave my husband and I a visit. Right when we were about done with our food.
Came in and we got stuck sitting at a table right by the door and I requested another table but then I guess my cousins didn&#39;t want to wait so we sat right by the door and it was cold because the doors were opening and closing. We ordered some sashimi, seafood pot soup, black cod, cold tofu, and grilled octopus. There was a piece of hair in our sashimi, so she had to give us a whole new plate. The seafood soup was good but there was a surprise herb at the bottom and it left a funky taste in my mouth. Wasn&#39;t too impress with the place.
So I was here on a business trip and the regional team in Vegas asked me what I wanted to eat.  Vegas buffets were out since I&#39;m trying not to eat my weight in food and all I really wanted was some yummy sushi.  So while they briefly considered taking me to a sushi buffet where I could also eat my weight in food, I&#39;m glad they decided to take me to Ichiza instead.Now, I was a little skeptical.  Even though I wanted sushi, sometimes I know that sushi in a landlocked state can be...questionable.  But this is Vegas, and goodness it was good!  SO!  Let&#39;s start off with the fish quality.  It was absolutely delectable!  I know places along the coast that don&#39;t have fish as fresh as Ichiza.  The sashimi was delicious and the couple of sushi rolls that we did have were creative and had great flavor.  I&#39;m not sure what the name of the roll we got was, but it was on the wall.  It was something with eel and a fried sweet potato and a California roll.  Sounds a bit odd, but really it went together really well.  The spciy tuna roll was not particularly spicy, which is a good thing for me since I can&#39;t handle the heat.  We also got the shrimp fried rice and that stuff is addicting.  I mean, I was trying to stay away from it but I kept winding up with more on my plate.  The beef tataki in ponzu sauce was great as well, but not exciting enough to write home about since we have similar quality things back home.  This place gets packed so get there early, but when I&#39;m in town and want sushi, I&#39;m definitely coming back here.
The food is SOOOOO good!! Everything we ordered was delicious. Service is great and since we went on a week night, it wasn&#39;t busy. We were seated right away. It didn&#39;t get busy until we were close to leaving and that was after 7pm. They had so many specials on boards around the restaurant. THEY DO NOT HAVE HAPPY HOUR but that&#39;s ok because the prices are comparable to other places that offer &#34;happy hour&#34; pricing. The only thing about this place is the parking isn&#39;t that great. I drive a truck and the spaces are quite tight.. and there aren&#39;t that many, especially when it&#39;s a busy night. Good luck trying to find a spot.So go on a &#34;not peak&#34; day/night and enjoy the food... You&#39;ll definitely consider coming back!!
One of my favorite Japanese restaurant with lots of small side dishes !Always have the seaweeds salad not just it&#39;s refreshing  with all the cucumber , the onion , and also lettuce but it&#39;s also it&#39;s not the same like others seaweeds salad you have at others restaurant !I love these little skewer like chicken gizzards , beef liver and also the beef tongue was so delicious !I also order the fried rice with crabs to pair with the skewers ...yum  Agedashi tofu came out perfect with the warm soy sauce but not so salty ! The sashimi Uni  today was super fresh so prefect Ana the sashimi plate also so fresh !Avoid weekend dinner time this place can be busy if you don&#39;t want to wait other than that !
You&#39;re getting off work. You don&#39;t feel like cooking, you want something to drink, and you want something more than just boring-old happy hour food. If you&#39;re up for it, why not head to Chinatown and sate your appetite there? This time, the place is Ichiza, a Japanese izakaya -- the Japanese equivalent of a bar where salarymen spend their after hours drinking the night away!( Full disclosure -- as I drive myself to these places, I don&#39;t drink for precisely that reason. Please drink responsibly! )Ichiza is one of those unique restaurants where their specialty is a little bit of everything, from the usual ramen and sushi to more interesting dishes like shishito peppers, jellyfish sashimi, and robata skewers. Whatever you&#39;re in the mood for, you can find it here!Their menu is structured such that all of their dishes are small to medium-sized so that one can enjoy a little bit of everything, though more substantial portions like their rice bowls, ramen and noodles are available for those who want them.I started off with their miso soup, yakko ( cold tofu ), red snapper carpaccio, and ketsuo tataki, all of which sans the miso soup were relatively cool appetizers that were a welcome change from the heat. In particular, the ketsuo tataki was thick and meaty despite being fish -- together with the miso soup, both of them were my favorite of the cold dishes I ordered.Next I ordered the kakuni pork belly and the beef tongue and mushroom stir-fry -- your mileage may vary on this one, but I like the fact that the pork belly had a fair amount of fat on it. It helped the pork melt in the mouth, and the beef tongue with mushroom stir-fry together with some rice makes for a filling meal all by itself!While I&#39;m commenting on menu items -- you&#39;re given a menu with drink specials, food specials and a regular menu, but looking around the restaurant, you&#39;ll ALSO find papers with off-menu food that you can also order. Some say this makes it difficult to decide on what to order, but I think it offers a good variety of food for even the pickiest of eaters.For round three, this time I went for skewers -- beef tongue, chicken meatball, pork and shiso leaf, bacon-wrapped mochi, and shiitake mushroom. All of them were good, but my personal favorites were the beef tongue, pork and shiso leaf, and the mushroom, mainly because they have such a deep flavor that&#39;s really brought out with grilling.For my last round, I ordered the yamakake, tuna sashimi with quail egg and mountain yam -- an unusual ingredient that is known to be rather sticky despite being quite clearly raw. Despite my unfamiliarity and my admitted adverse reaction to the latter two ingredients, I enjoyed the dish immensely and ended up finishing the tuna and some of the yam! This is an example of a dish you won&#39;t find elsewhere -- and I think it was delicious despite not being Japanese enough to completely finish the mountain yam and quail egg, lol.Now, of course, Ichiza has a good number of desserts that are delicious and not too sweet, like their pudding and their honey toast -- both of which are perfect ways to end a meal! If you&#39;re like me, though, I typically go elsewhere for dessert since Chinatown has no shortage of dessert stores and shops that serve all manner of delightful sweets. If you do decide on dessert here, though, I highly recommend the pudding and the red bean and berry honey toast!This is just a small sampling of the food they have on order -- and I&#39;ve included pictures from past ventures here to illustrate my point. That said, if you&#39;re looking for a new and interesting spot to go to after work, Ichiza&#39;s a good place to check out!
I loved this place!! Located in Chinatown Las Vegas, this is located upstairs in the little shops. It&#39;s open super late which is great because I was able to meet with my sorority sisters when I got off my flight! They specialize in small dishes, which is great cause it&#39;s like tapas. You get full off of many different dishes for a cheap price! The prices are all under $10 and typically range from $4-$7. I ordered the tofu steak and pork belly, which was so delicious and filling. They have a great sauce for the pork belly and nice gravy for the tofu. It was presented nicely also!The inside is small-ish and they have tables where you take your shoes off to eat. I love this little hangout spot and will return in the future when I am in town!
Amazing skewers and quality sashimi. My husbands friends who are locals in Las Vegas took us here because it&#39;s one of their favorite spots. Came with no expectations but was super impressed with their food. All the dishes our friends ordered were delicious. I honestly can&#39;t even remember exactly what was ordered because they just ordered and ordered non-stop. I remember we had some skewers of different kinds of meat, sashimi, rolls, different kinds of fried fishes, soup, ramen.. etc.The server was really nice and the food came out in a timely manner. We were so full and so happy after the meal. I wish they had better dessert though.
Best Japanese restaurant we had in Las Vegas. A small sake bar but full of surprise. We ordered some food first with beer. And later ordered more and more. And sake and whisky. You can&#39;t stop here. Every plate will surprise you. I love this little restaurant and I will definitely come back when I comeback to Las Vegas.
I went here for the first time yesterday and I have to say this is probably the most authentic japanese food I have had!!! Its hard to find japanese croquettes here in vegas, first of all, and the ones here were delicious.The calpico shochu was delicious and refreshing.It was my first time trying sashimi and the light flavor of the soy sauce really matched with the texture it was a great dinner overall and will definitely be coming back!
Outstanding spot off the strip. BEST chicken yakitori I&#39;ve had outside of Japan! Highly recommend this place if you want a taste of Japan Definitely will return when I visit again.
Delicious and very affordable food!Beef bowl is always my go to. I wish they serve salmon belly all the time because it&#39;s so good! In fact, Im starting to crave it just typing about it lolI like everything here except their honey toast because there&#39;s place out there that makes it better.Servers are nice also :)
When its past midnight and you&#39;re in for a craving of a hearty meal that reminds you of home (but also because you are a Vamp), you go to Ichiza. At first, you wonder why there&#39;s so many kanji and kana filling the walls with menu items and semi-prices, but I guess that&#39;s a style they haven&#39;t outgrown since years ago. Do take note that not everything is on the menu, so you&#39;ll be looking at every nook and crevice of each wall or bar area for off-menu items, especially the special ones that have salmon belly in it.Honestly, after how many years, all it took was watching one food anime and reminiscing my childhood in Japan to take me here. Why is that? Because they have ochazuke. And mapo tofu (completely irrelvant from the previous, but I am biased and had hunger pangs of mapo tofu that day - don&#39;t judge me - actually please do because IDGAF). The ochazuke is a dish that is very light and comforting. It is meant to keep you refreshed enough and fills you up at 80% capacity in comfortable fashion, but not to the point of feeling inundated. It contains a bowl of steamed nori rice filled with green tea (I think typically use normal green tea here, although I wish they had genmaicha for a roasty aftertaste) submerged simple savory ingredients such as salmon, pickled greens, and/or plum. The green tea and rice were well received by my taste buds and immediately comforted my nostalgic homesickness. Ochazuke is definitely a perfect quick meal to ease your hunger as well.As for the mapo tofu, Ichiza&#39;s Japanese version of it would be exactly how I imagined it to be:  satisfyingly flavorful but less spicy than the Sichuan-style mapo tofu that I would usually opt for had it been a different establishment. I assume that since its more of a mild touch it would consist of silken tofu, ground pork/beef, miso, mirin, chili and sesame oil. I&#39;m not sure if they would add soy sauce, or oyster sauce in the mix but that could be common for this particular dish too. It definitely doesn&#39;t give you the numbing sensation like traditional mapo tofu so be aware if you wanted something with a heavier kick! The dish itself is also quite easy to share among two people as well especially since its mild so if your friends are sensitive to spicy foods this would be a safe option for them. The seating arrangements here are a little haphazard - you either choose to sit at the bar area with the open kitchen, a huge table that shares with other guests, the split booth/table, or the table that allows you to take off your shoes and sit seiza-style on a pillow. This could be a little troublesome on extremely busy days but thankfully most late nights they don&#39;t seem to be overwhelmingly busy at the last hour.Also take note that this is one of few places still open late at night even during the holidays! PS. Some nights they have beef curry in their daily specials menu~
There was a little wait, but we got seated pretty quickly and the food was delicious! This place has good snack portions if you want to hang out with your friends and just chill/talk.
The food here is simply amazing every time I have gone. I first went to Ichiza in 2009 and I went a few times after that. I&#39;ve lived out of country for 6 years and went back in 2019 and it is still wonderful
Ichiza was the very first of many restaurants my group and I tried for our first group dinner in Vegas. The restaurant is extremely cold, long sleeves are definitely recommended.Our group consisted of at least 13+ people and being a walk-in group made it a bit more difficult for the servers to accommodate us.Even though we had a huge table, the service was slowwwww. Half of our group arrived (roughly 7) and it took us about 20 minutes to get water. There was about 3 other tables with 2-4 people and roughly 3 servers.Near the end when we needed our checks, that took about another 20. Not very tentative, therefore I have to take off a star.Majority of the chairs had no backrest or was just a cushion for you to sit on.The design of the store was unique in its own way. What caught my eye was how their menu was presented on the wall! Low-quality pictures unfortunately, but you&#39;re able to get a gist of what you&#39;re ordering.The prices of Ichiza is very fair! Tasting new restaurants around Vegas during my trip, gave me a grasp of the prices around the city. Of course, Ichiza is located in Chinatown and majority of the cost of food were fairly reasonable.My meal was the Ramen DX and their seasonal special, scallops &amp; tuna w/ special butter sauce.Both dishes were roughly 11-12$ per.The ramen was tasty, but nothing that blew my mind away. I only got the ramen because the restaurant is extremely cold and it hit the spot!I requested the scallops and tuna to have its sauce on the side. The scallops and tuna tasted fresh and full of flavor without any sauces. JUST RAW! I&#39;m glad I requested sauce on side. The butter sauce completely throws off the flavors of the seafood and takes a complete 180 on umami scale. This specialty dish completely shook me on how great it tasted, props!Overall, the food tasted great and worth the price!The service was under par and could be improved, but it doesn&#39;t discredit the food.Would definitely come back to eat someday to try different rice dishes!Thanks!
Salty and burnt!We were looking for small bites and this place sounded great. Nice servers and clean, but the food was just too salty and burnt to enjoy. Got an order of sashimi (scallop and tuna), which was really good. Anything that required cooking... you guessed it, salty and burnt. Our waiter was nice and offered to remake the grilled mackerel, and it came back less salty, but still veryyy salty.
It had been 7+ years since my last visit to Ichiza and I can confidently say that the OG izakaya in Las Vegas still ROCKS!  Does anyone else remember when this was the only spot in town?  I love that scent of the thousands of grilled fish embedded into everything in the room; almost nothing has changed inside and it feels like a museum exhibit in a really cool way.The items we tried from the specials menu, which is where a ton of the good stuff is, were awesome starting with the &#34;Aji Special&#34;, a whole horse mackerel sliced up sashimi style, beautifully presented.  After we finished that up, they deep fried the bones for some excellent fish chips (eat the head).  Grilled Salmon Collar&#34; made me holler with its rich, oily, soy and mirin flavors at a totally slammin deal of only $10.  The &#34;Spicy Deep Fried Chicken Soft Bone&#34; had a nice Korean kick to it and went great with Hakkaisan sake.    &#34;Yellowtail Tartare&#34;, one of their most well-known dishes, now comes off as prehistoric in appearance.  The mix of hamachi, avocado and mayo topped over what&#39;s basically rice sandwiched between two nacho chips totally took my taste buds down memory lane.  It now kind of feels like one of the evolutionary steps that lead to crispy rice sushi; still good though. There were so many other items I had forgotten about like niku-jaga, yamakae, buta-kimchi and many more that I plan on reuniting with soon.   Bad parking lot be damned!
This place feels like it&#39;s been around since forever, but I&#39;ve only been here a few times across the span of I think five to six years. It&#39;s a pretty traditional hole in the wall izakaya; comfort food and drinks abound! Both times, being a creature of habit, I&#39;ve ordered fried squid, udon, and alcohol; just recently, I ordered shochu with Yakult. The food has always been good, but at the same time, not especially memorable; what draws me to this place instead is the chill atmosphere and the chance to talk to or catch up with someone here. The service can be a little spotty (forgotten orders and things) but it&#39;s never necessarily been a bother for me. All in all I think this place is a pretty solid choice if you&#39;re looking to relax and dine on a budget!
Best Japanese restaurant in Vegas. I&#39;ve tried other Japanese restaurants in Vegas while living here for the past 2.5 years, but this the most delicious, authentic, very reasonable priced, friendly place I know. All my friends that I introduced the restaurant to keep coming back. A wide variety of awesome dishes, fast food prep, and a little bit away from the strip so it&#39;s not too crowded or chaotic.
I really hope for great things out of Ichiza. I actually came many years ago and couldn&#39;t eat here because of the line outside. On this trip it was very different. No line and we easily got a table at 7:30. I hope the restaurant is still successful because the food is delicious and the staff is very friendly. We ordered many things like an Ochazuke, grilled rice balls, yakitori, and some other chicken dishes. Everything was delicious and very tasty. The waiters and waitresses were all very attentive as well. I hope the restaurant still does well because they do deserve their success.
When I first moved to Vegas, we used to come here after work (open late which is great for chef&#39;s hours) to have drinks (Shochu and Calpico?  I&#39;m down) and good food (tongue skewers anyone?)  It&#39;s great to know that 10 years later I can still come here and have a decent meal.I brought a first timer and though I don&#39;t know if he liked it or would ever come back himself, I&#39;m glad that this place is reliable enough not to embarrass me.  When you bring someone to a place and talk about how good it is, to have it disappoint is very disheartening.  Luckily, Ichiza doesn&#39;t disappoint.I would recommend getting anything on a skewer.  I also can&#39;t come here without getting the kimchee fried rice.  This is a must have staple.  Even if you don&#39;t like kimchee, order this rice.  Another must have item is the honey toast.  We didn&#39;t get any this trip but I know I&#39;ll be back to have what I think is probably the best honey toast in town.
Came here to meet up with some friends. It wasn&#39;t too busy which was great. They have some traditional Japanese dinner seating, something that reminded me of my childhood it Japan. They have a menu but what made if feel more like Japan was the other items listed on their walls. Just like the ramen place I used to visit in Osaka. I only ordered the veggie dishes and it was amazing. Prices are reasonable. Service was great.
This was a great find! We decided to try it out based on yelp reviews and were very happy. The restaurant is clean and has a Japanese feel to it. We sat at the bar overlooking the action in the kitchen. The service is quick and the food is delicious. The portions are small and allows you to order a wide selection of foods. Easy to have a satisfying carb free meal. Must try!
I used to go here a lot when I lived in Vegas. The food is still very unique and the quality is still solid. I got the sashimi quesadilla, The mini honey toast with a red bean and berries, and takoyaki. The quesadilla was Amazing and interesting. It has a little bit of rice in the tortilla and fish on top was great. Takoyaki was pretty standard. The best thing was the Mini Honey toast. I love that they now offer a mini version as the regular size is too big for one person. Definitely get the mini honey toast whenever you come here
Price - Excellent, much cheaper than any yakitori place in the Bay Area. We ordered freely.Poke salad - Complimentary?! Outrageous!Ika - Chewy, warm, soft, flavorful, and in large quantities.Shitake mushroom skewer - $3, flavorful, small yet satisfying.Miso marinated cod - $10? We ordered 3. It was flavorful, thick slices of fish. It was my favorite item.Blue fin tuna, salmon sashimi - Thick, cold chunks of fish. No wasabi or soy sauce was needed to enjoy the taste.Hot sake - Comes in one size, easy to finish between two people.Service - Fast and efficient.
Unfortunately, this place is overhyped.. the service was good but the food was just ok, nothing special. Grilled salmon belly was good but the skin was completely burnt. Beef tongue was a little too chewy and the hamachi kama was on the dry side.
We liked the dining environment there. Foods are fresh. We love the variety of skewers they&#39;ve offered. Services are amazing even when the place is packed. We do appreciate how much attention and care they&#39;ve paid to their customers.  They only thing they can easily fix is the menu. The pictures on the physical menu is not clear. So they are basically not helpful for first time diners. Also there are so many choices of dishes everywhere on the wall that are handwritten. It&#39;s hard to read through all of them when you are sitting at a table.
This is nice. Good vibe. Seats of cushions are pretty torn and dirty. They try to accommodate. Love that the place opens late which was good for my late drive. Skewers could have been served much more warmer to indicate its freshness. Whole squid is a super delight instead. Felt like it was cooled down. I like that there was a unique special menu. Ordered Tom Yum ramen with Pork Belly and the Pork Belly is a 5/5 to me, soup on the mild side but it&#39;s okay. Everything compliments well in the ramen. Also got the Cha Shu roll, it could have been better if the portion of the Cha Shu meat was better and seasoned.
Me and my husband love going to this Izakaya place. We love the food, customer service and the ambiance. Also, they are open until late night. Authentic Japanese Izakaya . Highly recommended
Found this Japanese restaurant on yelp &amp; the reviews didn&#39;t let me down. The restaurant is on the second floor of the plaza which was not hard to find. My group of 3 didn&#39;t have to wait to be seated on a Friday afternoon. We were seated in a large booth which we had to share with other guests. No biggie. It&#39;s a real traditional Japanese place because we had to put our shoes away as we were seated. We tried what most reviewers talked about. The squid that everyone raved about was great. It took a little longer to prepare but for the portion &amp; taste, it did not disappoint! The beef from the ramen dx was incredible! I wish I ordered extra beef. The quail egg &amp; uni ponzu shooters was worth trying but not my cup of tea. The beef tataki was thinly sliced so I gladly ate it even though it&#39;s more on the rare side. Absolutely loved this experience! Just be ware if you order one of their Japanese wines for 10$ it&#39;s not actually a glass but more of a shot.
Good spot for some late night eats.  Nothing blow your mind but just good standard fair.  Looks to be a good local spot good for groups and family meals.  Kompi!
But overpriced with tiny portion. Flavor not bad. Do not order anything as appetizer, because you will be paying literally $1 for every single piece of meat.
We resorted here &#39;cause Raku was way too packed and we didn&#39;t have reservations there. We only had a couple hours to eat before rushing off to EDC! It was super busy at night here, but luckily the wait wasn&#39;t too bad.The interior reminds me a lot of Kappo Honda back home in OC. We sat at a table and had to take our shoes off, which was nice in a way. My group ordered a bunch of food and all shared, but I can&#39;t remember each dish so I&#39;ll write about the most memorableKobe beef tataki - A MUST, good fresh meat flavorSashimi - I can&#39;t remember which fishes we got, but they were all pretty damn fresh for being in Vegas. It&#39;s also pretty damn cheap! I believe it was hamachi, yellowtail, and salmonI also got some grilled stuff, the tongue was pretty good as well as gizzard. The chicken meatballs weren&#39;t as good as Torihei in Torrance so you can skip on that.Service was fast and drinks were always refilled. Food came out fast as well so if you&#39;re on a time crunch, come here!
This place is in a dingy, sketchy, small double decker strip mall lol but it&#39;s great! We go here for their grilled squid, salmon sashimi, and also their beef tatake (so good) and shrimp fried rice. They&#39;re all pretty small, little bit like tapas but we order enough to share. But mostly we&#39;re here for the HONEY BRICK TOAST. Honestly it&#39;s just a huge brick of toast with scoops of vanilla ice cream drowning in honey for days. The warm toast melts the ice cream and just sucks up all of the sweet honey, so, if you&#39;re sharing you low key should keep the middle part to yourself and have your significant other eat the crust. Jk (not really). I share I promise.
Unfortunate circumstances left us at UMC all afternoon and evening without any food and by 1 AM we were starving. Ichiza was open late night and any hunger pains we had were definitely curbed. We can add another location to our late night options.There was no wait when we arrived at 1 AM on an early Wednesday morning, with the bar, community table, and the all of the booths except for one being occupied. The servers were running around at a hectic pace, yet were still able to greet us immediately and provide great service for the entire meal. They were moving so fast that I didn&#39;t have a chance to ask what they gave us for a complimentary appetizer. The menu is large and covers a wide spectrum of food, but items are numbered to make the ordering process simple with less room for error. A daily special menu is given to add to the difficulty of narrowing down what you want.We were hungry, so we wanted to try as many things as possible: Ichiza&#39;s ramen DX, chicken and egg bowl, garlic chicken gizzard, beef tataki, salmon carpaccio, and beef tongue, chicken gizzard, and chicken skewers. There was no extensive wait for the food and my wife and daughter polished off the chicken bowl and ramen pretty easily. My wife gave the entire piece of kakuni from her ramen to me and it was so tender and flavorful. The Copper River king salmon carpaccio was my favorite for the night. I&#39;ll always take the bait for king salmon.For dessert, the honey toast is the way to go, the large order was way too much for us three. If you&#39;re running low on stomach space by the end of your meal, the small version is the better option. $65 was the price tag for our late night dinner with the raw items being the most costly. For a late night option, we had a satisfying meal and will definitely keep Ichiza on the radar.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(168/365) &#34;Late Night Bite&#34;So we had family come in to town recently, and they always enjoy going on restaurantadventures in Vegas, especially to places they don&#39;t have in their neck of the woods(They&#39;re from Chico, CA)Small bites and variety is what I was thinking, and since they were flying in late, Ichiza came to mind, so I made a reservation.We headed straight here from the airport to a packed restaurant, but luckily didn&#39;t have to wait. Trusting me with the items to order, I had them try our favorites- Grilled Beef Tongue, Tom Yum Roll, Buta Kimchi, Takana Fried Rice, Uni Ponzu, Grilled Mackerel, Grilled Squid, and Bacon Wrapped Mochi.The men decided to wash all that goodness down with a pitcher of Kirin on tap, and the ladies opted for their refreshing Grapefruit Soju. Plates were clean, everyone was stuffed, but we still had room for some Coffee Jello and Honey Toast. Still one of my favorite late night spots. ALOHA!!!Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
The specials were the ones that got me to rate this a 5, tbh. It was my first time trying out wild jellyfish and it wasn&#39;t really anything special but it was a good experience. I love uni. If I see uni in a restaurant, I&#39;d have to order and this one didn&#39;t disappoint. I love how their takoyaki got more tako than any other places, I guess that&#39;s one of the reasons why I&#39;m giving them a 5. The place gives out that vibe that everybody would like to be in when they want to dine in and hang out with others.Overall, a great find!
Tucked away in this chinatown plaza is an amazing Japanese restaurant great for a late night meal! I came with about 14 of my girlfriends and they were able to accommodate our table right away as there was plenty of seating. The waitresses are very friendly and prompt. I ordered the ramen DX and I highly recommend it! I wish it had a spicy option but I was able to add some peppers in it to get that kick I wanted. I definitely would come back and get that bowl again. The portion is very large so it might be a great one to share with someone while you order other appetizers to share. My friend ordered for us the tom yum sushi roll- which is killer! It has a tangy, sour taste which reminds me of the soup itself. I&#39;m not sure how they make it but it&#39;s one of my favorites. I didn&#39;t see it on the menu under sushi and sashimi but i&#39;m sure if you order it they&#39;ll gladly make it for you. It comes with shrimp tempura, cilantro and lime zest. I didn&#39;t order much else but will surely be back to try other dishes!
Can never go wrong with ichiza! My usual &amp; my go to meal would be the beef bowl! YES I&#39;ve tried others but , it&#39;s still delicious!
Love the price of food!! I came to eat at midnight. The restaurant was still busy.. I definitely to come back here again!!
Perfect for late nights; closed at 2am.  Reasonable, inexpensive foods.  Ramen was really good; the pork soup base was flavorful and rich.  The beef rice was delicious, and portion size was huge enough for two ladies to share.  Udon noodle soup was bland though.  Tried some of the skewers including beef tongue, chicken neck, beef liver, etc., of which all were okay and not as impressive as the Ramen! Again, ramen&#39;s really really good and you must try it!!
Came here for a late night dinner because we went to the JT concert. SERVICE - Greeted by a nice hostess. Sat down. The waitress asked for drink orders and a few minutes later, she asked for our food orders. Two of us wanted rice bowls and the other two wanted ramen. &#34;We have no ramen&#34;. We came here due to a friend&#39;s suggestion in regards to their ramen. Utter disbelief on all our faces and she simply said &#34;so beef bowl. That&#39;s all?&#34; First of all, there are three others wanting to order so obviously no, that&#39;s not all. Second, she could of suggested something else other than ramen! Anyways, as we looked through the menu, another waitress came by. She asked us if we were ready to order. We mentioned the ramen and she said &#34;oh! We have another broth that is similar, just lighter&#34;. Thank you!! The first lady could have made that suggestion but no, she was just super rude. FOOD- Beef bowl: large bowl of rice with lots of meat and toppings. My boyfriend said it reminded him of bulgogi beef but nonetheless, it was delicious. They don&#39;t skimp you on meat. Ramen w/ Pork: the lighter broth tasted great! The pork had tons of flavor as well. Perfect dish for the cold. Pricing is pretty good. The service overall wasn&#39;t bad except for that one rude waitress.
Everything was great except the long wait! I read yelp reviews prior to visiting this place and I&#39;m glad I did. I ordered the honey bread since everyone recommended so, and it was SOO GOOOOD! you should ask honey on the side or else they&#39;ll pour it until it gets too sweet! I&#39;ve always went to restaurants on the Strip while staying in Vegas not knowing about this place, but I definitely will be back here the next time I visit. The restaurant is small but the ambiance was cozy/romantic and also had the traditional Japanese style.We ordered the honey bread (MUST), tofu salad, chicken and beef bowl, takoyaki, pork cutlet, kimchi-pork fried plate, and one more dish but came out to about only $70! (for 4 people!) Except for one middle-aged lady around her early 40s(?) being a little grumpy to us, all other young waitresses were friendly and attentive. Parking is easy since this place is located in a small plaza.
-Sunday Girls&#39; Night Out with besties Chinita Bonita and the Nigerian Nightmare (bonafide Yelp nicknames.)-Three days before Lent and giving up sugar, I wanted to come here specifically for the honey toast, but also have dinner, so it was pre-Mardi Gras, Asian style.-There is a menu here, as well as daily specials on a separate piece of paper, PLUS multiple items that are not on the menu, but posted on the walls all over the restaurant on signs.  This means that you must get up from your seat and walk around reading the signs and try to remember which ones you want to order by the time you get back to your seat and the waitress returns to your table.  Then you order one of the items and hope your waitress knows which sign you&#39;re talking about because if not, you might have to get back up and walk her to the sign across the room.  -The plates are good for sharing, so we each ordered a few items and tasted everything.  I did not have the sea urchin mochi dish; Bonita and Nightmare had that.FOOD:  miso ramen (half order); sea urchin mochi; yam potato and sesame salad; mapo tofu; pork dumplings;  mini pork okonomiyaki; honey toast.The honey toast takes about 15-20 minutes to prepare, so our waitress kindly gave us a heads-up when she saw that we were slowing down.  This is only the second time I&#39;ve had this dessert and I definitely liked this version better than the first one I tried elsewhere.  Served with two scoops of ice cream and large pieces of toast with honey drizzled on it, this is the perfect thing to share with your favorite people, and that&#39;s what I recommend because it&#39;s big.  CB and I did most of the devouring while NN watched.  More for us.Our bill was less than $43 and although service was a little hit and miss, I would definitely come back with the girls.  After Easter.
This is some of the most delicious and freshest sushi that you can find for an affordable price. The fatty tuna is very rich and the hamachi is very flavorful. The portions are generous and the non-sushi dishes are also great. Sadly they ran out of the sea urchin by the time we got there but that&#39;s my goal for next time.
Came here on a Tues night at 6pm. Warning. If your coming after 6pm, make a reservation! We were a party of 5 and were lucky to get in. They did accommodate us, but told us we had to leave by 7.  This place got so crowded at 6pm!! Full house! Legit Japanese place. My folks had the ramen, and I had a chicken egg bowl plus a few skewers on the side. Traditional Japanese recipes coming from someone who is Japanese.My folks came with me. They ordered the ramen, but preferred Monta Ramen better.( see my review on them) Service was a bit hectic, but the place was packed so I don&#39;t blame them. Foo
I was so sad when the one and only Yoshinoya in town shut down but the hubby told me about this little hole in the wall that served beef bowls. The restaurant is small - it includes about 10 tables, some of which you sit down on the floor with no shoes on, and a bar. The walls are plastered with hand written pieces of papers with additional items to the menu. We ordered the beef bowl, grilled squid, karage (deep fried marinated chicken), crab fried rice, dumplings and mini honey toast to seal the deal. The beef bowl was HUGE and in my opinion way better than Yoshinoya. Prices are also super cheap! I have yet to go to Japan but this is what I imagine authentic Japanese cuisine to taste like. Service is amazing as well. I learned that this place does take reservations which we will probably do for future visits since we WILL most definitely be back. I can&#39;t wait to try every thing on the menu! I urge everyone to come and support this small business!!
Hmm.... if you&#39;re from LA, this place would be very average for any izakaya in Torrance or SGV.   For LV, this is near, if not top, since it&#39;s got over 900+ reviews at 4+.   Anyhow, we tasted many items across the board and they&#39;re all solid.    I would highly recommend you to just buy out the entire popular list.  It&#39;s about 10 items but it&#39;s a good start point for the rest of the order. Other tidbits, it&#39;s on the 2nd floor, call ahead for reservation....
My favorites: Kimchi Fried Rice, Miso Butterfish, Tofu Salad with Tuna SashimiIchiza is one of those places you go to experiment. There&#39;s appeal in being able to try a variety of unique dishes not readily available elsewhere (like Beef Tongue, Beef Liver, Inside Out Roll, Honey Toast), especially at affordable prices. But would I order these dishes again? Probably not. Will I dine here again? Probably not.
Ichiza deserves all the credit in the world (at least Vegas) for making non-Japanese people of Las Vegas aware of something called izakaya.  They started the craze by offering up good Japanese-style tapas in a communal setting, in the heart of Spring Mountain, WAY ahead of their time.  They&#39;ve been around for at least 10 years, at it&#39;s just recently that this run of izakayas have emerged in town.  Perhaps that&#39;s why, but this perennially packed joint has lost some of its crowd.  Not to a point of detriment, but I remember going here when you literally had to wait 45-60 minutes to get in, and now it&#39;s maybe 5-10 minutes, if at all.They have a LOT of items, many of which I have no idea what they are.  Aside from getting menus, they are individually pasted all over the walls and I never bothered to check whether it&#39;s the same stuff as on the menu.  I think many are not, so it would be worthwhile if you can read Japanese.  The setting is wide open so it&#39;s great for people watching, especially since it is frequented by mostly young patrons.  Service is passable, some girls are really nice and others are pretty much all business.  But your stuff comes promptly, and service is rarely something to complain about.The food, as may be expected from a place with such a large menu, can be hit-or-miss.  I would say most are good to very good, such as myriad of their tofu dishes and excellent fried items (e.g. croquettes).  Some are pretty good (don dishes &amp; grilled fishes), and a few are not recommended (didn&#39;t like their udon).  Chances are that you will find their dishes at least acceptable in most cases, so don&#39;t be afraid to order.  I have been here many times and I can&#39;t say I&#39;ve ever left with a sour taste in my mouth.Table-for-1 Factor:  While they have bar seating across from the chefs, I would not recommend hitting up an izakaya by yourself, especially this one.  Just awkward.
Every city needs a place like Ichiza. My girlfriend persuaded me to go here by telling me that it was like having Japanese tapas, but better!!! If that&#39;s even possible?! But oh yes, it was! I am now a bonafide Ichiza fan. Living in Japan for a few months, I&#39;m fairly picky about Japanese food. This place takes all of the Japanese comfort foods and puts them in one place. Our party of 4 shared about 16 different dishes, a lot of which were recommended by our waitress and ALL of which were mouth watering good. There wasn&#39;t a single dish that I wouldn&#39;t order again. I can&#39;t wait for my next trip back to Vegas to eat here again.
Served w creative Japanese dishes with nice service and cozy environment. AC was too weak.
Came into this place with my girlfriend and this restaurant is delightful. The ambience of the place is casual and very relaxing. The service is also exceptional, they were on top of things when it came to checking up on us. But also keep in mind that we came on a Tuesday night, which was not busy at all.We started with edamame and sashimi salmon. The sashimi salmon was very good. When eaten it just melts in your mouth! So delicious. We then ordered the yakitori (skewered chicken) and let me tell you, that was one of the best yakitori I&#39;ve had! It was very well prepared. Then we shared the jumbo meat patty steak (one of their specialties). The sauce on it was so amazing! It really complimented the whole plate. And for our last order, we got the fried calamari. One of the best calamari I&#39;ve ever had and I always order calamari at every Japanese restaurant I visit (highly recommend).Overall this place is definitely one to check out and stop by at least once!
I stop by Ichiza every time I go to Vegas. Having grown up in Japan, I can tell you that this izakaya is legit. Since I&#39;ve lived in Salt Lake City, UT for the last 8 years, this is the closest &#39;real Japan&#39; I can get to. On my most recent trip, we ordered:- Gobo wrapped in pork skewers- Potatoes wrapped in beacon skewers - Yakitori (skewered chicken)- Small ramen- Shrimp Gratin (it&#39;s like a creamy casserole but with rice instead yummm!!)I really wish we had a joint like this in SLC. I would eat here every day, no joke!!!
The clubs weren&#39;t that hot that night, and my friends and I were hungry for some grub.  &#34;ICHIZA!&#34; we proclaimed.  Of course, there could be no other choice.This place always ends up being one of our go-to spots in Vegas after the clubs.  They&#39;re not open 24 hours, but they&#39;re still open pretty late.  If we know we can make it in time, this is what we crave.There&#39;s really only one thing we want.  The hamburger steak.  It&#39;s not even on the menu, but it&#39;s so delicious.  The patty is moist and seasoned very well.  Then just a little bit of gravy to top it.  We can&#39;t resist.Add some fried rice to order to complete this meal, and at 2am in the morning, we are happy campers.ICHIZA!  My happy after clubbing place in Vegas.
Their food is cheap and delicious. The sushi is really fresh and tasty. You should go and try it.
Good call on this place fellow yelpers.Vegas is a fun place to visit, but things can get really old really fast out there.  This is when I turn to yelp for something new and good.  And Ichiza is both.The food was good.  I can&#39;t say we tried everything on the menu, but we sure did try.  The sushi was nice and fresh.  The yakatori was good.  Even the gizzards (which I&#39;m not a big fan of) were delicious.  Haven&#39;t tried the desserts but looking forward to it next time.The best part was considering how much beer and sake we drank, the bill was still a bargain.This will be a staple ever time I go back.Venture away from the Strip and discover the other places you can eat and play in Vegas.Lastly, I know this is the land of buffets, but sometimes it&#39;s just not worth it.  Why stuff yourself with bad food when you can eat quality dishes at a sit down?viva la yelp
Ramen DX was salty; skewers were ok but nothing blew me away. We ordered grilled whole squid which was totally forgotten so we ended up canceling it...
Yummy eats for later at night.Order the &#34;ham-bah-gah&#34; as they call it. I think it is a ground beef patty and I thought it was pretty tasty, especially after a late night of walking around the strip. They are open pretty late and a lot of what they have to serve are listed up on the walls and not in a menu that you can hold.I had hot green tea. It was also pretty good when it is fairly cold during the winter months in Las Vegas. Overall, really good late night eats. I will be returning!!!
A solid place for all types of kushikatsu/kushiage izakaya type dishes. Complete with a menu of deep fried squid legs to cold soba, it&#39;s a no brainer for a casual dinner with friends.Some things were under seasoned like the calamari and fried baby octopus but overall everything was pretty good. The salmon carpaccio is delicious and bright, fresh tasting. The buttered mushrooms were CRAZY salty so I couldn&#39;t actually finish that. Cold soba with mountain yam was really yummy. I think some of the best items on the menu are actually the items scribbled in Japanese on the walls.
Long, over-due review.I&#39;m not going to elaborate much about this place, but it&#39;s basically my go to spot when I&#39;m back in town. I like the atmosphere, because it resembles a japanese pub (izakaya style). It&#39;s a chill place to have a few beers and chow down on some good japanese tapas. although it can get a bit rowdy. Some of my favorite dishes include the kimchi fried rice, tako-yaki (octopus balls), beef tartar (rare beef with onion, daikon, and ponzu sauce), kakuni (extremely tender pork belly), and the black cod (smooth as butter). Although it&#39;s not on the menu, they even make okonomiyaki (Japanese pancake) upon request. Oh, and I can&#39;t forget the Honey Toast that everyone raves about. They also have a lot of specials on their walls. Check them out as well!
Nice place to get a quick fix.  Place is always packed and seating is very tight.  Table sharing happens here.  My gf and I tried a number of different items (fried rice, skewers beef, pork, crock pot pork with egg, udon).  All very nicely done, except for the crock pot pork wit egg (very dry and expensive for one piece of pork).  Service is nice and friendly.  Place probably won&#39;t look clean to some people, but I&#39;m fine with it. Parking is a pain.  Had to park in a different plaza and walk over.
Late night Japan Izakaya place open until 4am. Perfect late night eats for Japanese bar food, have an impressive variety of assorted tapas and typical Japanese food (sushi rolls, sashimi, donburi bowls).  The food is well made and seems to be constantly changing, an extensive variety of &#34;chef specials&#34; are hung on the walls.  Good service from the waitresses, came in about 2:30am and was greeted with fresh enthusiasm and seated quickly.  Food hits the spot, which isn&#39;t too difficult, but it gave my tastebuds a happy dance.  Will come back to try some more of the extensive specials.
So far I have been there 4 time, I like everything I had and the service is always great. I think when you have the real Japanese server, they are different than any other Asian country, they are always so sweet and attentive. I love they have so many special posted everywhere on the wall, but it does take a while to try to see what they actually really have, maybe my eye sight isn&#39;t as good, and also I don&#39;t read Japanese. Still worthy to try to look up the special. Last night I try the grill whole squid, delicious. Steam egg custard in tea cup was always my favorite Japanese treat, they did steam well, but it was a bit watery. Salmon sashimi was steal, $7 dollar for 5 fresh pieces. Grilled skewer is recommend as well. Overall I would suggested to give a try, they open late night so if you want to avoid the wait and hungry in the middle of the night, great choice!
The food is only soso in comparison to some of the other restaurants I&#39;ve tried around the same area. It&#39;s not too expensive which is a plus though.
Came here recently and just wanted to update that their beef bowl has gotten a little yucky. Still won&#39;t stop me from coming here though!
The food are awesome along with the reasonable price. One bad thing about this place is its always full! Have to call in to make a reservation first or else will have to wait for hours. Love it!
Delicious food.  Fresh fish.  Authentic Japanese. Great service!
Been here twice. It&#39;s on top of Tea Station, in the plaza next to Chinatown Plaza. Servers are nice. Had the following:1.) Beef Tataki - It was good, but the boyfriend wasn&#39;t impressed. 2.) Garlic Chicken Liver - It was okay, but he&#39;s still not impressed. 3.) Kimchi Fried Rice - 3/5 - I like this one, and I&#39;m really, really picky with kimchi because I&#39;m not a super fan of kimchi. We order this so we get full since the food here is tapas style. 4.) GRILLED SQUID - 4/5 - Really good. I was hesitant to get this one because I had bad experience with grilled squid many times before. But this one is great. It&#39;s not chewy or dry. The sauce complements it well. Boyfriend was impressed. 5.) MACKEREL IN MISO - 4/5 - Really good too!! I was hesitant with this one too, but it was really good. Boyfriend is now happy. 6.) TARTAR YELLOWTAIL - 5/5 - Awesome! It&#39;s messy to eat, but I don&#39;t care. The ingredients are fresh!!!7.) QUAIL EGGS - 4/5 - Delicious! Wish it was more than 2 skewers. 8.) BLUE FIN POKE - 4/5 - Yum! Fresh. Glides and melts in your mouth. 9.) HONEY TOAST - It&#39;s hard to rate this. They&#39;re best known for their honey toast. I like their honey toast better than Serenade&#39;s in Southwest Vegas. I like that there&#39;s fruit inside besides the bread. I like that they put 2 scoops of ice cream because the vanilla ice cream subdues the sweetness of the bread. But I must say, honey toast isn&#39;t something I&#39;d have a craving for. I&#39;d say, stick with seafood dishes. For 2 people, bill came out to $52 without tip. We&#39;ll be back!!!!
I love Ichiza, my husband and I must go every time we visit Las Vegas.  All the foods from there are totally our designs.  Here are my favor items:Yellowtail Tar Tar (5stars)Livers (only $1.50) (5 stars) - this one tastes like liver steaks Salmon Belly (4 stars)Oysters (5 stars) - YUMSweet Shrimps on the lime cup (5 stars) There are more but I can&#39;t remember the names.  I used to go onto yelp and look at the photos and orders from there.  The price is cheap comparing to everything else in Vegas!! check their menu!! I recommended several of my friends to go there and they all loves it!! I&#39;m going again soon, I can&#39;t wait!!
Stopped in for lunch and had the grilled whole squid. The tentacles were the best part with a slight char and concentrated squid flavor.  MMMM tentacles. They have a fantastic hangover dish which i forget the name of but it features a  bowl of rice in green tea broth with  your choice of salmon or salted plum. The broth and the rice will help nurse you back to health. If the broth doesn&#39;t help I&#39;d also recommend their natto and okra dish with it&#39;s slimy texture it may be hard for some to palate but the sliminess in natto helps coat the stomach and helps with digestion and tummy issue&#39;s and the natural enzymes in okra that cause it to be slimy do that as well. The Japanese know what they are doing when they are eating slimy food. It&#39;s good for you!!Uni with ponzu sauce was delicious and creamy. I&#39;ve never had Uni before and I think I am now a huge fan. Ichiza is fanatastic for a genuine slice of Japan in Las Vegas.
Perfect for its sublimely delicious, authentic Japanese fare.  You might want to check the walls since they write down the food that they serve on paper which is plastered around the place. It&#39;s crazy fun.We called ahead of time for reservations because there is usually a wait. The Garlic Chicken Gizzard is just soooo good. Goes well with the Kimchi Rice. Being a Filipino, meals aren&#39;t complete without a serving of rice and well, all of us in that table cleared the plate with the Kimchi Rice first. I had a grilled whole Mackerel all to myself which was cooked perfectly. The fish tasted fresh and the charred skin gave it the perfect crunch with a hint of bitterness and saltiness.For dessert, the ever so popular Honey Toast. I am an Ichiza virgin no more. I&#39;m glad my boyfriend took me to that place. Can&#39;t wait to go back and have me some more of those Honey Toasts.
Do you have that &#34;one restaurant&#34; where you can call your second kitchen? Where, whenever you have friends flying into town and they ask &#34;hey, do you have any suggestions where we should eat?&#34; it&#39;s the first one you suggest? Well, Ichiza is that restaurant for me. I&#39;ve been coming here for about two years now, and I only wished I knew about it sooner! The waitresses and manager are always so welcoming! The kitchen is a well-oiled machine operating very efficiently. The atmosphere and decor has a great vibe and along with the incoherent chatters from other guests, adds that sense of having dinner with your entire family. Well, on that note, if you are planning to go, let&#39;s say around 7 PM with a party of more than 4, it is best to call in for a reservation (2 hours in advance, if my memory serves me right).Now, onto the food (yay!!). I am a creature of habit, so after trying xxxx amount of their dishes (or Japanese tapas as I find myself explaining to what type of food they serve, almost everyone thinks it&#39;s a &#34;sushi&#34; restaurant), I have my &#34;core&#34; menu:          &#34;Tatsuta-age&#34; - delicious fried chicken. The citrus soy sauce sauce              complements the chicken           &#34;Yellow-tail tartar&#34; - a must try! If you do decide to order this, try to take a a full                          bite, so that you will experience this dish as it was intended to be           &#34;Miso black cod&#34; - buttery soft and simply put, just so darn tasty!           &#34;Crab fried rice&#34; - I don&#39;t think any description is needed for this oneand with my adventurous side, I try one new thing on the menu. Since this is like tapas, I suggest bringing a at least a group of 4, that way, you can try as many &#34;tapas&#34; as you can! You can&#39;t go wrong with any on the menu and I have not brought anyone that left unsatisfied or unhappy with Ichiza. If you are flying in late, and you want a late night grub? Get off the strip and try Ichiza and you will not leave disappointed or blow your &#34;Vegas budget&#34;!! P.S. if you can leave room for dessert, try the honey toast!
This is another one of those local gems that serve great comfort food. They have specials plastered all over the walls as well as some pictures. The prices are reasonable and they serve all kinds of faire that is not typical in Japanese restaurants. They serve from bento boxes, to sushi, to udon, to skewers. You have to try the butter corn over chips, takoyaki, stir fried chicken with scallions, chicken meatball skewers, four kinds of stewed mushrooms, and the okra skewers. Everything in here looked so yummy and we were always interested in seeing what some of the patrons around us were ordering. Unfortunately, our tummies can only hold so much food, so you better believe that I&#39;ll be back to visit next time I come to Las Vegas. A diamond in the rough fo sheezy.
If you&#39;re a frequent visitor of Vegas, you can&#39;t help but venture out from the overpriced restaurants and tourist traps on the Strip. This place was bookmarked for a while, and we finally got the chance to check it out for dinner on a recent trip. Based on what we ordered, our initial experience was okay. We were greeted warmly and sat at the bar area, where we just plucked different items from the menu. I was amazed at all the rectangular pieces of papers plastered all over, with the dish names scribbled on it. We tried a wide range of things. I don&#39;t remember the official names of the dishes, but we tried the clams, butterfish, udon, agedashi tofu, a couple chicken yakitori skewers, just to name a few.Nothing really stood out in my mind. Things were okay, as we kept on eating. The butterfish was a somewhat small portion for the price, but very flavorful. The bowl of clams had good flavor, and were nice and tender. The huge disappointment had to be the pan fried noodles with seafood. I was craving crispy noodles, and I expected a small dish. It turned out to be a huge bowl with sauced with too much thick starch. The pork meat and seafood inside was overcooked and rubbery. No good.We were also disappointed that all the dishes with uni were sold out. Ichiza was a good change-of-pace from the rest of Vegas places to eat, but just based on one visit, it&#39;s a bit tough to judge. One thing&#39;s for sure, it doesn&#39;t seem like they excel in one thing extremely well. They do so many types of dishes, that perhaps the quality suffers. At any rate, we&#39;ll have to visit again to try other things on the menu.
First off, I love that this place is open late because I get late night munchies and there are mostly fast food joints near me which I always pass up even if I&#39;m starving. I&#39;ve been here a few times and although most of their dishes are small and tapa-like, they are all reasonably priced. If you&#39;re really hungry, I can see how the bill could add up quickly. For this visit, I got the red snapper carpaccio, tender beef tongue, and fried quail eggs. The carpaccio was beautifully presented with a bed of sauce with perfect cuts of snapper on top of a thinly sliced lemon topped with onion, salmon roe, micro greens, and a dab of hot sauce on top. It was delicious and although it was topped with a generous amount of onion, it was refreshing because I think they may marinate the thinly sliced onions in lemon for a while. The tender beef tongue is one of my favorites when I come here. The name says it all. I had the fried quail eggs as well and it comes with three on two skewers. They were so cute and so damn good. I would definitely recommend trying all these dishes. This place is awesome and what keeps it unique is that they have sheet of specials that they come up with daily(of course there are a few that end up repeated) but they also have special dishes all over the walls such as the red snapper carpaccio, so don&#39;t miss out on that either!
Honestly, one of the best places ever for food!!  For a guy who travels almost 200k on a plane around the whole a year, trust me, I&#39;m picky with my food and this place rocks!!!   Great food at reasonable prices.  Doesn&#39;t get any better!
Go this place if you want to taste the Authentic Japanese Cuisine!I highly recommend this place with their quality of food.Price is affordable. Service is alright.It&#39;s all about the taste.This restaurant is always packed so you should make a reservation before you go.I waited 40 minutes to be seated but IT&#39;S WORTH IT.
Definitely a locals find.. Thanks to yelp.  The same great, fun open atmosphere I usually expect from a good Japanese restaurant.  Memorable dish was the Ahi Tuna Salad and....So what is all this talk about the Honey Toast?  I was quite hesitant because how can toast +honey+butter+a scoop of ice cream get that many citings on yelp reviews...and it&#39;s like $10. So because of yelpers, I had to try it...and I must say THANK YOU. It was the most scrumptiously delicious dessert I&#39;ve eaten in a long time.  It had a great natural honey sweetness, a creamy vanilla ice to balance  and all on top of this huge piece of buttered crispy toast that gave it awesome texture.   So why not a 5 star? Because my group had at least 10 different items, and I could only remember 2 things that really stood out.  Hmm, 2 out of 10 isn&#39;t that great of a ratio. But at least I don&#39;t remember anything bad, right?
This is the best restaurant not located on the strip.  I love the atmosphere and everything I&#39;ve eaten is amazing.  Reservations is a must and don&#39;t be afraid to ask what their specials are.  Most of my favorites are posted on the walls and not in the menu.
Finally got to try Ichiza!!! I arrived around 8 pm and there was still 30 min-1 hr wait. Menu offers many options and price is reasonable. Servers always seemed to rush and it was hard to get their attention. Sake - I love the variety that they carry. so many to choose from. Beef tataki - it was chewy and not tender. meat itself was creamy but flavoring was not that great. Chicken Glizzard - delicious!! crunchy and tender. Some yakitory - average. did not leave an impression so I can&#39;t remember how it was. Grilled squid - fresh and tasty. I had better though. Sashimi - hmm many not a very good idea to order sashimi at a izakaya restaurant.
Call ahead and make a reservation~!Try going on a Wednesday night around 8ish it was packed, 45 min wait. sigh tried going on a Sunday night 7pm called 1st this time 1hr and 30 mins wait time. sigh..
It used to be my favorite place. But the service is getting really bad. It feels like they just want to get your order, get your food then clean up the dish get your bill and then get out of here. Dont think we will come back again.
Yes! Yes! Yes! I think we ordered about 1/2 of the menu for just the 2 of us &amp; loved it. Try it. While there we ran into (literally) food critic John Curtas, lol!FYI: There was a sign posted they will not be open for lunch any more. Dinner only.
Had an opportunity to eat at Ichiza on a friday during a recent vacay in LV.  Gotta say that the food was great.  Glad we had a rez as the wait would have been pretty long.We ordered a bunch of different menu items, and the following stood out for me.  Please excuse me if the name of dish is not spot on.  One of my friends did the ordering.- pork with gobo- baby octopus with wasabi- yaki onigiri- flying fish sashimi was pretty good- tuna tartarplus several pitchers of cold beer.
This place was introduced to me by my dear friends from work.  The only thing I&#39;ve had is the beef bowl, but it is delish! Beef with noodles and onions over rice.  Parking is always crowded and cash only for smaller purchases.
One of the best izakaya style restaurants I have been to. I have been to many in Japan and also on Oahu where i live, but this place is comparable to the ones in Japan.Recommend the whole ika, croquette, beef tataki, agedashi tofu, to name a few. Definitely will be back. Tottemo oishii desu!
I have been wanting to eat here since last year when I started following Yelp reviews and I am so disappointed with their food, since I really had high hopes for this place. We ordered: Shishito - big and has a bite to it, however, it wasn&#39;t grilled long enough. Beef Liver - to thick, pasty and sticks to your tongue...aaahh Grilled mackerel w/miso - full flavored but way too many bones and fats. red snapper cappacio w/ponza - tasted like feet even with ponzu sauce. Salmon egg on top were slimy when you pick it up with your chopsticks, indication of not so fresh seafood Chicken meatball - (appetizer given to everyone - chicken tasted good, but the sauce was COLD omg, who wants to eat cold meatballs??? Grilled whole squid - I like this, tentacles and all! My bf wasn&#39;t too crazy about it either and said that we are way too spoiled when it comes to sushi since we&#39;ve experienced the best in LA, nonetheless, I was really disappointed that it wasn&#39;t what I had hoped for. The worse part was walking in and there was a huge sign that they were out of Honey Toast!!! This place was much easier to find than I thought, but if you&#39;re just visiting LV, there&#39;s a big chance you will not find a cab on your way back to the strip. We ran after a cab in a strip mall..
Love! My second visit and it was just as good as my first. Sure, the wait is long and ridiculous feeling but I was fine with it. Apparently, you can call and make reservations. Next time I definitely will do this. I came here craving the garlic butter chicken gizzards and the uni with ponzu sauce. I completely forgot about the jalapeno fried rice, grilled squid and all these other delicious dishes until I read them off the wall again. And I had some of the salmon sashimi and o.m.f.g.! It melted in my mouth. It was so good! Next time I have to remember to order some of that again. MmMm! Everything was so good. Our bill wasn&#39;t too bad for four. It came out to about $98 and we ordered a lot of food plus dessert.I keep remembering all the things I have to come back for... but I also have to remember all the things I need to try too. I wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here all the time..
My friends and I went here late night and experienced the following:1) Slow, bad service despite the lack of a crowd on a weekday night2) The sashimi (especially squid) was not fresh, and tasted &#34;fishy&#34; and &#34;plastic&#34;3) The seaweed salad I had was decent, so that&#39;s why there&#39;s two stars instead of one
This place rocks! Nick, Jess, Rich and I hit Vegas for a variety of reasons from poker to rockclimbing, and decided to have a &#34;off strip&#34; experience by staying off Las Vegas Blvd and trying new eateries that is not part of a casino. After some research, Jess came up with Ichiza, and I must commend her on a great find! The place was VERY Japanese. Ghetto in a wonderfully fabulous kind of way. The menu is diverse, interesting and off the wall (literally, there were menu items and pictures of the food on the wall). We had a number of delicious dishes (most of which from the wall, and for which I can not recall the name)... including, I believe, something called the super fry (or was that super fly) yakasoba. And some sort of layered pancake with, get this, mayo. Yeah - weird, but good. Another memorable dish: green tea and rice with little bits of minced salmon... also weird, but good. Not to mention the great rolls. I wish I can remember what I actually ate so I can give you a better guide to the food, but having sampled close to a dozen dishes between the four of us (family stylin&#39;), I came to the conclusion that you probably can&#39;t go wrong no matter what you order.
The wife and I dropped by for dinner.  It was crowded as all seats were taken.  We were able to score 2 seats at the community table.  Service was pretty good.  We were able to order all of our food in a few minutes.  The food was tasty.  Portions are the correct size as well.
This place has got to be one of my favorite Japanese izakaya places up there right next to kappo Honda in Orange County. I&#39;ve been here a couple of times when I&#39;m in Vegas and the food here has always been amazing. All their dishes are super unique, fresh, and authentic. I&#39;ve been to japan and I would have to say that this restaurant comes very close to the type of food you would get there. Just be careful not to order too much because they have a pretty big selection of food! And all look delicious so you&#39;re going to want to order everything!
pleasant surprise in Las Vegas Chinatown.the garlic steamed clams were yum.the oysters (2 per order) were yum.  they are big but the sauce they put on it had a nice kick to it.i liked the flavor of the kimchi fried rice but not the kimchi inside it.the yellow tail tartar was a tad to mayo-y for me.  it comes on chips and is mixed with mayo and avocado chunks with a bed of rice.  the price wasn&#39;t that bad either.there was a wait of 20 minutes at 9pm on a monday.
I have been to Ichiza twice and I am still at a loss for words.  It&#39;s not that I didn&#39;t love the food (I did)... I think it&#39;s that I can never remember what I ordered. The menu is so vast that they have enough items to wallpaper the entire restaurant (which they do). As I said, I honestly can&#39;t remember most of the items I&#39;ve tried. I pretty much closed my eyes and pointed at random items on the menu. I wish I could take the time to walk around the restaurant and see what else they offer but was too shy to do so.Some of  the dishes I remember are their miso mackerel, crab fried rice and grilled squid. Everything is very reasonably priced which is wonderful because you can order a lot of food without remorse.The first time I went with a large group. I made the reservation for 6:30 pm and they warned me beforehand that another group is scheduled at 8:00 pm so we would need to be done by then. The waitresses kept reminding us over and over again that we needed to be out of there by 8 and hurried us to place our orders so it kind of dampened the mood. Other than the not-so-subtle rushing, service was okay. The second time I went here, service was better. Probably because it was a Monday night and there were only four of us.Both times I have been here, it was jam packed. That&#39;s how you can tell how popular this place is. Reservations are highly recommended especially for groups. Next time I&#39;d love to sit at one of the low tables where you take off your shoes and sit on the floor for a more authentic experience.I like to take out-of-towners to Ichiza to show them another side of Las Vegas that isn&#39;t a casino buffet. They offer good food for really cheap. I keep forgetting to save room for the famous Honey Toast that I keep hearing about so I&#39;ll be sure to order that next time.
This place is awesome. I&#39;ve had my share of Japanese food here and in Hawaii and I&#39;m actually surprised to say that this is the best. The food here is fresh (especially the fish!) and they can make pretty much whatever you want. I love coming here and ordering something new pretty much every time. They also have decent prices for their food which isn&#39; too expensive and their drink prices are pretty reasonable. The only down side to this place is that it gets pretty packed even on weekdays. One time I came here the hostess actually skipped over our names on the waiting list and we ended up waiting for 2 hours! The 2 hours was worth it for some really good food but hey, it was 2 hours of waiting outside of the restaurant.If you go here you MUST HAVE the honey toast. If you haven&#39;t had it before, you&#39;re probably thinking Honey Toast? Honey and toast can&#39;t be all that great, can it? Well I&#39;m here to tell you that yes it is. Don&#39;t forget to save room for it.I&#39;ve yet to try better authentic, decent priced, Japanese food here in Vegas.
This is the perfect &#34;go to&#34; spot after work hours -- especially if you&#39;re working late.. I&#39;ve been here countless times after ending my midnight shift and it always hits the spot!  All of their dishes are a sort of Japanese tapas -- super delicious no matter what you order.. Try the catch of the day and chef&#39;s recommendations to explore your dining repertoire and never leave without having the famous honey toast ice cream.. Seriously, you won&#39;t be disappointed.. I have to give ichiza 4 stars only because the place is dated and more if a hole in the wall.. But, seriously -- I wouldn&#39;t be surprised if its eventually featured on food network for that honey toast desert -- literally every table had it after their meals!
Where do I begin? The service is great! The employees are really nice. Everything I ordered was in my stomach a minute later. The ramen was better than other places that specify in ramen. I also ordered the black cod miso. So good!! Its far from where I love but well worth the drive!! I will be back.
So far Ichiza is by far my favorite izakaya style restaurant. I don&#39;t have to be in Japan to experience authentic hardcore Japanese food.My favorite is the ika yaki and, honey toast with ice cream. Yummy!!
Are... you.... kidding?   Folks, this is why I started Yelping.  To bring truth to the masses - to expose restaurants for what they really are.  I&#39;m in Las Vegas for Halloween and I wanted some good sushi.  So I searched on <a href="http://Yelp.com">Yelp.com</a> for &#34;sushi&#34; in Las Vegas.  I filtered the results by &#34;Highest Rated&#34; and guess what showed up?   Ichiza.   Sighhhhhhh  This is proof that you can&#39;t always trust what 123 reviewers think about a place.  For those of you familiar with my reviews, you should know how big of a sushi snob I am.  You should also know how much I appreciate stumbling across &#34;hole in the wall&#34; sushi joints.  I love finding a diamond in the rough.  Ichiza, however, is not one.   Not even close.  For starters, let&#39;s talk about the menu.  Why do they have a menu?  I looked over this menu and there were THREE sushi rolls.  ONLY THREE?  How can you only have three sushi rolls???  One of them was a California Roll, which doesn&#39;t count.  The other was a tempura roll, which also is not real sushi.   The third was the Spider Roll, fried soft shell crab in a roll.   I asked the waitress if they had another menu for sushi - surely, this can&#39;t be it.  She explained, the rest of the menu is on the walls.  What?  You mean all those random pieces of paper taped to the walls of the restaurant?  That&#39;s the full menu?  So... do you want me to get up and walk around the entire restaurant and try to find and memorize what i want to eat?  This is EFFING RIDICULOUS!  So after I browsed the &#34;menu wall&#34;, I found two other rolls.  One was called the Natto Roll, which was soybean and okra in a roll that&#39;s deep fried and topped with tuna.   The other was called the Eel-Kara-age Roll, which has baked eel and fried chicken in a roll.   God help me, this was the worst crap I&#39;ve eaten in so long.  The Natto Roll was FUNKY.  I love okra and I love soybeans, but mix the two together and add spongy rice and deep-fry it and suddenly it&#39;s disgusting.   The Eel-Kara-age didn&#39;t taste as bad, but was poorly created.  It&#39;s just rice stacked with a piece of fried chicken and a piece of eel on top.  That&#39;s it.  Sigh.   The Spider Roll, the only roll that I recognized from other sushi places, was not made like any Spider Roll I&#39;ve ever had.  Yeah, they deep-fried the soft shell crab, but what&#39;s up with rolling it up with lettuce, carrots and cucumber?  LETTUCE, CARROTS and CUCUMBER???  In a sushi roll???? WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING?  IS THIS A SICK AND TWISTED HALLOWEEN PRANK??  My friends were wiser than I was and decided to order the ramen instead.  They thought it was awful.  Noodles were not cooked enough and were hard. The broth was not good, either.  I&#39;ve posted a picture of them - check it out.Ok, enough about the baffling menu and utterly worthless food.  Lets talk service.  The waitress was quick enough coming over to take our order, but it took awhile because I had to run around the restaurant and tell her what I wanted.  Once she gave me my food though, she was hard to find.  I had to track another waitress down twice to get refills on my Diet Coke.  Btw, they don&#39;t have soft drinks on tap - only by the can and they charge you $5 per can.  Be warned.  If you&#39;re staying on the Strip, like most people are, then this place is a little hard to get to unless you take a cab.  I would definitely not recommend walking to it.  It&#39;s also in a pretty ghetto part of town - be careful walking back at night.  Just take a cab both ways.   The only REAL positive about this place?  I&#39;m not sure how the waitresses dress during every other day of the year, but on Halloween they went all out.   There was a slutty bee, a slutty nurse, a slutty angel, and a slutty cabaret girl.  They were HOT.  If you&#39;re into hot asian chicks (I married one. Hot asian chicks ftw), then you&#39;ll find them working here.  Is it worth eating here though?  Sadly...... no.  Maybe you can come in right before closing and ask them if they wanna have a drink somewhere else.. far away.
authentic japanese food! probably the only place that serves &#34;okinamayuki&#34; (not on the menu item) check out the menu on the wall for special orders. those are the best ones.
I picked this place based solely on Yelp reviews, as we were looking to feed a large party.  We wanted excellent food but given the size of our party and the length of our stay - we wanted to keep the cost economical on at least one evening.Ichiza was perfect.I think I&#39;d have to go back 40 times to even believe I tried everything.  Everything that we ordered was great food, fresh and tasty.... and unusual, too.  Starting with the beef tongue skewers, which I deliberately called beef skewers to my friends, were very good and most ate theirs even after they knew what it was, though some of them chickened out, as expected.  Uni-topped ricecakes wrapped in seaweed, tofu salad, bbq squid, hamachi dishes galore, and other terrific things.  Our server made a few recommendations too, as there was simply no way for us to pick, given the huge variety of items up on the wall and on our menus.Our party of 14 did have to sit a bit parted, in two tables next to one another, in an area to the side where you take your shoes off  to sit down.  It was intimate enough, but would have been nicer if it was one large table, but it IS a small restaurant, so....My table, which consisted of 6 people, had a separate bill.  We ordered a LOT of food, and we were stuffed to the gills by the time we left.  We also ordered at least 5 or 6 bottles of unfiltered sake.... which my friends pounded like it Gatorade.  All in all - between the six of us, with all that food and alcohol, it merely came to $33 per person.  Economical, indeed.Ichiza, while located far from the strip on the second floor of a &#34;Chinatown&#34; strip mall - - is definitely worth a visit on your trip to Vegas.  Excellent food, friendly and casual atmosphere, and good service.  It&#39;s guaranteed to be a good evening.FYI:  Do NOT use the website to make reservations.  Being the worrywart that I can be, I called a few days after having made web reservations to confirm my party&#39;s reservation was indeed existent.  Good thing I did, too, because they had no record of it.  I am not sure what happened, but I then proceeded to freak out and ask if we can still come in on Friday and they said that was perfectly fine.  So if you are going here with a large party and plan to make reservations - -  pick up the phone and call.  Do NOT use their website....
Once again, thank you Yelp for helping me find another great restaurant to satisfy my hungry tummy... My boyfriend&#39;s parents live in Vegas, so we come here a couple of times a year.  For the past year, I&#39;ve been wanting to try this place out, and finally got around to it tonight.  I really liked how the restaurant was set up - small, simple, and traditional looking - they&#39;re not trying to look super nice, rather than giving off a more comfortable eating atmosphere.The inside of Ichiza consists of around 10 tables, and then there&#39;s a tatami (I don&#39;t know if there&#39;s a spelling for it) section with 2 long tables, where you take your shoes off and sit on the ground.  Then besides that, there&#39;s the kitchen area.The service here is ok, not great but not bad.  It is what it is.  However, the food is really good.  Like Richard L. said, it&#39;s like tapas, but Japanese style.  I guess this type of cuisine is called &#34;Izakaya&#34; as I have learned after reading all of these reviews.  Living in the Bay Area, I actually have yet to find a place with this type of cuisine - everyone in the Bay is really hung up on sushi (hey, which i love, dont get me wrong). Anyhow, my boyfriend and I came here tonight and we ordered an order of their udon, chicken skewers, agedashi tofu, kimchi fried rice, and spicy tuna roll.  The udon was really tasty and they added some seaweed, egg, and veggies to it.  I didn&#39;t try the chicken skewers, but they looked like Teryaki Chicken pieces on a stick, and my boyfriend liked them a lot.  The Agedashi Tofu, which is one of my favorite appetizers, came with a generous portion of fruit, and 4 huge slices of tofu.  The tofu was very fresh and soft, and the dish was very good.  Spicy tuna roll was pretty good, but not amazing.  Lastly, I loved their Kimchi Fried Rice.. Ichiza&#39;s fried rice definitely kicks some @ss... It was sooooo tasty and with the kimchi, it was the perfect amount of spicyness.Overall, 4 stars for above average food and very low prices.  (all of those dishes only came out to about $22.)  Definitely a lot lower than the prices we&#39;re used to.  All of the smaller dishes run from $3-$5, and larger dishes run from $6-$9.. none of it is expensive.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely come back.And, they&#39;re open till 3AM!
One of my favorite places in town! I love their red snapper carpaccio, miso butter fish, grilled salmon belly, yellow tail tar tar and honey toast. The kushi tan (beef tongue) and chicken gizzards grilled on a stick were surprisingly tasty as well. I can&#39;t wait to go back and try more on their menu. They have so many things to choose from so come hungry.
Came here with three friends for a late night dinner, and we definitely were stuffed! The food was great (not to mention pretty cheap), they had a large selection and portions were pretty big. The location serves a decent amount of people, though I wouldn&#39;t suggest bringing a large group - the restaurant was pretty full for a late Monday night. Service was fast, the servers were very friendly and answered all our questions. NOT TO MISS: order their Honey Toast! Perfect way to end a meal.
Ichiza has becoming one of my favorite izakaya restaurant! They&#39;re constantly reinventing tasty menu items, with affordable prices around $7 per dish. I&#39;ve the pleasure of trying out some of their new items on my last visit to Vegas, they were: 1. Mochi Ravioli stuffed with Tuna (4 pieces $6.75): The chewiness of the mochi wrap compliments well with the tenderness of the tuna, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette, it was perfect in every bite. 2. Seared Scallop wrapped with Salmon Sashimi (2 pieces $5): The texture was great, but the shiso leaf was a bit over powering. 3. Mochi topped with Uni (2 pieces): Warm chewy grilled mochi topped with decadent texture of uni, set on a piece of nori paper, it was fantastic, tasted even better with a lil dip in the wasabi soy sauce. 4. Yellow Tail Tar Tar (4 pieces $6.95): warm rice in between 2 pieces of crispy chips topped with chopped yellow tail and guacamole, it was tasty. 5. Mochi wrapped with Bacon Skewer ($1.50): Everything tastes better with bacon wrapped around it! 6. Shabu Shabu Salad ($6.50): Large pieces of shabu shabu meat mixed with cooked spinach and lettuce, with bits and pieces of chicken skin tossed with sesame dressing. It was filling, and pretty tasty, but can do without the chicken skin though. 7. Beef Tongue Skewer ($1.50): The beef tongue was flavorful, but not as tender as I was hoping for. It&#39;s not a complete meal without their Butter Honey Toast, topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream! The warm buttery doughy toast just melts in your mouth with the cold ice cream, it&#39;s such a great treat, and everyone should try it at least once! If you don&#39;t believe me, on the way out, I even saw a guy enjoying Butter Honey Toast all by himself  and was smiling at it too....so, now you know how delicious this dessert must be, or may be he was just simply crazy? : )
If you want a change in Vegas check this place out. Definitely a busy place and if your an organized person this place will drive you crazy. Long wait, but I didn&#39;t really see anything special in the food. The Honey Toast had pretty great reviews, there was really nothing special about it-its bread loaded with honey, ice cream &amp; a bunch of butter which was a whole cube that didn&#39;t dissolve into the bread. #17 was supposedly one of there best items, not my taste at all if you like RAW meat, the sauce was great but that was about it! #20- Chicken was battered and cooked deliciously, which is the only reason I&#39;m giving this place a 2 star rating. Disappointed from all the hype.
Went for an early dinner on a Friday night and there was about a 30 min. wait, so if you know you&#39;ll be hungry go early!As many have said before me, the honey toast alone makes this place worth a try!Their menu is a bit confusing, since they also have a lot of options on the wall, but I was satisfied with everything I tried and the waitress made some good suggestions.
My friends brought me here saying they had the best authentic Japanese cuisine in town. Some of my friends were from japan so how could I not believe them. After trying their ramen, fried squid, and beef bowl this is my go to Japanese restaurant in las Vegas. For desert do not forget to try the honey toast!
Been going here for some years now. Great place to eat late at night when no one else is open. This is not a place I would recommend for the sushi/nigiri, the other menu items are far superior to the sushi served here.The walls are filled with pictures of menu items, so one can always see a new dish or two when one goes there.Definitely try the butter fish and, of course, the honey bread.
HONEY TOAAAAAAST!!!! Best dessert ever. Word.
Ichiza made my tummy super happy. I went here on a Friday night and it was very crowded. There were people waiting inside and outside of the restaurant. That is a sign that the food is incredible here. Ichiza has two sets of menu. They have a menu on paper and menu on the wall. The paper lists all the noodles, skewers and DIY handrolls. The menu on the wall lists all the tapas. I didn&#39;t have to think twice - I went for the tapas! Tapas were delicious! I think Ichiza is the best Japanese tapas place - EVER. I have been to two other Japanese tapas place in California (Honda-Ya in Fountain Valley) and Furaibo (LA). Ichiza is better than these two places because of creativity. My friend and I ordered Yellow Tail Tar Tar, Tom Yum Roll, Oysters, Tofu Salad with sashimi, okonomiyaki, and Red Snapper Carpaccio. And since my friend and I both loved the Tom Yum Roll, we ordered it twice. Yes, it was that good. Of all the dishes that we ordered, I esp loved the Yellow Tail Tar Tar and Tom Yum Roll.Oh, and here is a tip: You can make reservations, but it has to be at least 2 hours in advance. I can&#39;t wait to go again.
This little japanese spot is absolutely fabulous! Its a hidden gem and NOW one of my favorite spots on spring mountain. I felt like I was on the streets of japan instead of vegas with all the little hand written specials taped all over the walls. I love the fact that this is not the typical japanese sushi joint that you see around Vegas, its definetly on its own level and pretty authentic.Starting off with the seaweed salad, not the usual bright green salad you get, it was yummy and different. Next we got sashimi of albacore and hamachi, ahh heaven! The hamachi was as buttery as it should have been, little bit of soy, shiso, and daikon....phemonal. Moving on we got the grilled squid and well as the grilled pike mackerel, both very nice. I so wanted to try more things but after barely finishing a split beer and all of that which doesnt sound like alot...we left there happy and content...thumbs up..
I had been itching for a while to go back to Ichiza after several years. The atmosphere is very lively, with lots of noise. The menu is pretty limited, so you will probably have to get up and look at the rest of the 4,000 items on the wall (many repeated, with very poor description). My husband and I decided on a couple of items:Tuna roll- tuna was mediocre and not completely cold, and the cucumber was definitely not ripe.Deep fried tofu salad with spanish mackerel- The tofu was cooked inconsistently, with some pieces being hot and the others cold. The hot pieces where delicious, but the cold ones... not so much. The salad was drowned in peanut dressing, making it almost soup like. It was topped by very salty mackerel  which overpowered the whole plate. Stir fried beef tongue- The garlicky marinade was delicious but the tongue was definitely chewy and somewhat undercooked (which definitely did not help the texture). Pork skewer with onion- nicely cooked with good garlic marinade. What you would expect out of a Japanese skewer.Normally we would order more but I was pretty disgusted by the salad so I left it there. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I just didn&#39;t order the right dishes but the cooking techniques did not convince me and I was actually kind of grossed out. Will not be back unless accompanied by a pro!
This place is alright.  There&#39;s a lot of stuff to order which isn&#39;t even listed on the menu that&#39;s given to you.  You just kind of have to look around at the food that&#39;s written on the pieces of paper all around the place.  It can get a bit crowded, and it&#39;s hard to sit if you have a lot of people in your group.  The food is pretty small portion wise thought it&#39;s not bad.  I actually thought the baby soft shell crab was interesting.  I have no idea what the names of the foods were since I arrived a bit late so sorry about that, but nothing was that bad or great even.  It was good though.  The sake and beer prices aren&#39;t too bad either since that&#39;s what I like doing... drinking!  It&#39;s an okay place to chill, but a bit small for my taste.
Great place for Japanese yakitori type foods with authentic Japanese decor that makes you forget you&#39;re in Vegas.We had the Chazuke, rice in a green tea broth, with umeboshi (pickled ume fruit) &amp; nori (seaweed). My friend commented it&#39;s perfect after a night of drinking.We also tried the whole Pike Mackerel, salted and grilled; as well as the Spanish mackerel ceviche, in a nice blend of oil &amp; citrus. There&#39;s so much more on the menu I wish we tried, but unfortunately we were stuffed from our meal at Dos Caminos.
Although there were open seats, the waiteress took forever to seat us. The table we sat at was not clean and the service was terrible
I p90x so I can pig out on stuff like this...This place is absolutely amazing.  I came here about 2 weeks ago after a long vegas drive from LA and this place really hit the spot.  Its a medium sized joint with 2 big table areas for large groups.  The 2 big tables are carpet stools/stand things so ppl take off their shoes.  I heard about this place on Yelp and had to stop by.  We made a reservation for 10pm and the place was pretty packed around that time.  So reservations are definitely recommended for late night eating.Now on to the food.  The food and drinks are decently priced compared to other vegas eateries off strip.  So obviously we&#39;re in vegas...so we ordered a few pitchers of beer and guzzled that down.  Honestly...when you&#39;re in vegas and thirsty...all beer pretty much tastes good.  So no complaints there.I ordered the Mapo tofu which i didnt expect much from but this was actually one of the better versions that I&#39;ve had.  It was a good brown gravy with a nice spicy kick to it and I didnt feel jipped on the lack of meat either.  Meat was plenty.  My friend ordered the Jalepeno fried rice and that probably was one of the best fried rice dishes I&#39;ve ever had.  I love spicy food and that thing awesome.  Rice was moist, beef was easy to chew and the jalepeno&#39;s really just brought everything together.  Definitely something to order!  A couple of us got a chicken and egg bowl which was ok but a disappointment compared to the other 2 dishes.The biggest surprise of the night...HONEY F-IN TOAST.  I kid you not...I could&#39;ve sat there all weekend eating this thing over and over again.  Its such a simple concept...honey, toast, and ice cream...but they must&#39;ve put crack in there cause I was addicted.  We had 2 orders of this thing even though we were already stuffed from the beers and entrees.I think this place is totally awesome and I might just have to add it to my places to must stop by when visiting vegas...
Two words. Honey toast. Imagine ice cream trapped in a box of bread sweetened by honey. Sounds weird but its amazing. Try it, you wont be disappointed. Pair it up with some of their Sake + a group of friends and it makes for one fun night. My only gripe about this place is that it gets packed and wait times can get long.
My brother kept talking aobut this place and last night I finally was able to try it out.  We ordered-Red Snapper Carparcio-Grilled Whole Squid-Beef Toungue Stew-Grilled Rice Balls-Takoyaki-Agedashi tofuOverall i enjoyed the majority of the dishes cept the stew.  The stew tasted too much like the steak dinner you get out of the freezer.  The squid was nice and tender served with a bit of minced ginger which really brightened up the flavors.  Red snapper carpaccio was served on lemon slices and toped with grated yam and salmon roe.  Takoyaki did not disapoint cept i wished there was more green onions and less of that thick sauce they put on top.Overall a nice little spot just minutes off the vegas strip to grab some drinks and food.  It is open late for those late night food cravings too. Service was spotty but they were busy so it was ok.
The best off-strip Japanese restaurant we&#39;ve been to in Vegas, but that&#39;s really not saying much. Food: The food is not that consistent, but I like that they seem to always be trying new recipes. They have specials that aren&#39;t on the menu plastered all over their walls. Again, it&#39;s hit or miss.-Spicy Tuna Roll: Usually really good. Perfect amount of tuna, roe and cucumber. But the last time we went, it was super salty and spicy. -California Roll: You really can&#39;t go wrong with California rolls, can you?-Grilled Mackerel: Simply grilled with a bit of salt and a squeeze of lemon. Yum!-Shrimp Fried Rice: Flavorful. It would have been better if they didn&#39;t shower the dish with salt and pepper though.-Oyster Mushroom wrapped in Chicken Skin Skewer: One of their experimental dishes that we ordered off the wall. Sounded promising, but was disappointing. Texture was too rubbery.Wait: This is a really popular place so there is always a wait. You should definitely call to put your name on the list as you are headed to the restaurant. Service: They are always really busy so the servers aren&#39;t very attentive, but the food comes pretty quickly. Atmosphere: Gets really loud here on weekends. A great place for groups if you call ahead and get a table. Not as great for couples.
It deserves 5 stars not becoz of its authenticity in Japanese food, but how comfortable its dishes taste like when you are tired of all the overpriced European classic food on the strip. I was wondering in this place why people would prefer to spend $400 for a couple&#39;s dinner if you can eat for $8 each at places like this? Is it really 25X more delicious?We ordered only 2 dishes, but were completely satisfied by both of them. Pork cutlet bowl is probably the most tasty and flavorful fried pork I have ever had, although the rice beneath the egg layer was kind of soggy. Beef udon had this sweet flavor, making it very interesting to taste.Bottom line: If you have a car in Vegas and want sth to warm up ur stomach after a crazy night, Ichiza is definitely worth the 4 miles of driving.
I  Love  You  IchizaAfter watching The Beatles LOVE at The Mirage, our group headed over to Ichiza after reading rave reviews on Yelp prior to this trip.  This place did not disappoint!  I&#39;m thinking...finally (extra stressed), GOOD, affordable and unpretentious Japanese food in Las Vegas.  You see, I&#39;m not the type of gal who likes to dine in fancy, upscale and overpriced restaurants (maybe once in a blue moon), so I was really happy that Ichiza offered the quality of an upscale place (speaking in terms of the food) at such an affordable price and casual atmosphere.  Service was quick.  We casually walked in and were seated right away.  Our waitress always checked up on us and was more than happy to offer little tidbits of information on the menu and specials hanging all over the wall.  The ambiance is very authentic.  I felt like I stepped into a restaurant in Japan.We ordered the following:1.) Beef tongue skewers2.) Fried Baby Octopus3.) Three Ramen DX4.) Udon Noodle Soup5.) Spider Roll6.) Miso Butterfish7.) Fried Calamari Rings8.) Fried Quail Eggs9.) Three Lemon ShochuPhew, that&#39;s a lot (granted, we were extremely hungry), but this accommodated a group of four very well.  Time to break down the taste and flavor!I was actually a little hesitant to eat this because I&#39;ve never had beef tongue before.  After taking the first bite, I was hooked.  It was chewy, juicy and packed with a lot of flavor for something so relatively thin.  The fried baby octopus was crunchy on the outside, but chewy on the inside.  It tasted lightly salted and was accompanied with lemon juice.  Yum.  Then, there&#39;s the miso butterfish.  Ohhh myyy goshhh.  Screw halibut, I&#39;m going for butterfish now!  It had the same consistency as a halibut for a fraction of the cost!  So buttery and delicious.  Mmmm.  The last meal I ordered was the ramen dx, which I&#39;m guessing means deluxe, though, I&#39;m not sure.  This bowl was huge and comparable to Shinsengumi&#39;s Hakata ramen.  But, I think I enjoyed this ramen more.  They offered more toppings and bigger pork slices (with the fat attached, yum).  It&#39;s not extremely salty either which is nice.Everything else, my group ordered, but from the looks of it, they seem to have enjoyed their meals very much. =)For a group of four people, our bill came to a little over $100.  Pretty good I must say.  I&#39;m definitely returning.
A bit hot and stuffy , wish their AC was better. Food was good the stir fried rice was my favorite , as well as their beef tongue and other meats . Service was very nice and friendly , old man is very nice everytime I come here . Everything on their menu is very yummy .
So everytime my GF and I go to Vegas we like to start with a AYCE Sushi lunch. Being an avid fan of Yelp and trusting the great advice i have received here in the past, we decided to go to this joint. We arrived in Vegas around 11:30 and it was right when the place opened.The place is located in a new strip mall about 10-15 minutes from the strip. The decor is nice, i can see it being a high end lounge/dinner type place at night. We were quickly seated as we were the first and only ones there. They promptly told us about the all you can eat and got us our drinksWe placed our orders, had the same ol we have everywhere else and I even was shcoked to see that they had Aji on the all you eat menu. First off, Aji in most places that I goto taste fishy, and that&#39;s places where I am paying $15-$20 for an order of Aji sashimi. So I am pretty skeptical when it came to a place that was offering it for AYCE. But surprisingly, and I do mean surprisingly, it was fresh! That itself garaunteed this place 3 stars no matter what. The rest of the sushi we ordered was great, it tasted fresh, the service was excellent, no real complaints what so ever for this place.The waitress was even nice enough to let us know that they had hamachi kama as the special for the day at that even though it wasnt on the menu it was eligible for AYCE. Not many places tell you about additional stuff when it comes to AYCE.  I was mighty impressed by this.I think that this place is very fairly priced, service is very good, decor and ambiance is also nice and relaxing. As time went by, more and more people came by to eat here, a lot of folks were also getting food to go. My GF and i are into trying new things, but the next time we go back to LV, we might just have to stop by here again.
Truly a shining light in the disguise of a hole-in-the-wall. This place gives Vegas it&#39;s one beacon of character.Grilled beef tongue + nama biiru = winning prize.Throw in the excellent atmosphere and homey feel and you have a winning combination for izakaya goodness.
Came here for lunch and quickly learned the real menu comes out only for dinner.  We made the best of it and ordered up chirashi sushi and a couple tuna and yellowtail rolls.  The meal was ok but the fish wasn&#39;t the freshest.  I think I&#39;ll have to come back for dinner on my next visit to render a final judgement.
Another new establishment me and the honey had the pleasure of trying. Unfortunately, I&#39;m only giving this place 3 stars because the menu&#39;s on the walls were a little intimidating, lol. While waiting for a table I browsed through yelp and come to read that what they had on the wall is in their menu too so no need to worry. But still I felt like I was going to miss out on something delicious. So I asked the hostess and our waitress what they recommended and took their advice. We had:*yellowtail tar tar* gizzard w/green onion (sorry I forgot the actual name of the dish)* squid (1 large piece just grilled)* beef carpaccio* eel on top of a california roll* honey breadTotal around $47The food was very yummy and just enough for a late night meal. Their food reminds me of pulutan. That&#39;s tagalog for to pick. Meaning food you pick on while drinking with your buddies. Did that sound right? Anyway, another fine place to take the homies to when they come to town.
Everytime I am in Vegas, this is one of must go restaurant.  Food is excellent!  Always a full house here.  be sure to call for reservation before you go.
MAKE RESERVATIONS!!! Ichiza is packed on a regular basis. Ichiza is a popular locals, Japanese Restaurant. They offer sushi, but specialize in a VARIETY of small dishes. The price of each dish ranges from $5-8+ Some of my favorite dishes are the Ramen Bowl, Tofu Steak, Vegetable Croquette, Corn on a Cob, Shrimp Dumplings, Salmon Steak with a cup of white rice..There are so many delicious dishes to choose from.  The service is prompt. Your food will be served to you asap!
We were starved after a late show.  When I read the reviews on Ichiza we were sold.  There was a little wait to get seats, but we had great izakaya plates.  Loved the menus on the wall - order the specials if you&#39;re there.  We went two more nights before our trip to Vegas ended.
A great place to hang out with friends and have a drink. The variety of Japanese dishes available is awesome. It&#39;s delicious and very authentic. The food comes in small portions so be prepared to spend a little more.
Food is very authentic &amp; delicious but seating is very limited.  Reservations need to be made at least 2 hours in advance.
Food here is really good but service here sucks, we were barely helped and we waited forever for our warm waters with lemon and food, the hostess was really rude to us and the owner told us to come back in because we &#34;have to pay tip&#34; FYI DOUCHE tip is OPTIONAL and you didn&#39;t deserve it. If i decide to go back, it will be takeout.
yo Ichiza is the spot!! I&#39;m from Reno and one of my complains about my hometown is that we have no late night eats like this. It&#39;s perfect when I go to Vegas because after a night of goin out, that&#39;s always my late night spot to go to and it doesn&#39;t mean I go there and think it&#39;s good since I&#39;m intoxicated because I&#39;ve been there a little buzzed and been there completely sober. I&#39;ve tried the chicken meatballs, grilled squid which is really good, but my fave dish is their  &#34;hokke shio yaki&#34; or grilled mackerel. mann this had a buttery flavor to it and since I&#39;m a huge seafood fan already, let&#39;s just say I can have this dish everyday. even with my wheaties for breakfast in the morning. On a serious note, another thing I like about Ichiza and my gf liked is that their dishes aren&#39;t big portions and pretty cheap so you can try out different dishes with rice on the side and  be really satisfied with a good meal with out breaking  bank. It&#39;s also really close to the strip so it helps especially if you arent a Vegas local.  Like I said I&#39;d highly recommend, the only reason why I didn&#39;t give it another star is cus we tried to have lunch there and they weren&#39;t open till the afternoon. other than that, this is the spot I don&#39;t miss out on every time I&#39;m in town.
I always order their Kimchi fried rice. The beef bowl isn&#39;t too bad either. I just wish their sushi roll portions were a bit bigger. They are good though. Oh and if you love sweet, order thier Honeytoast!
I am writing this comment within Ichiza as I am waiting for my food to come. I haven&#39;t started eating yet, but what impresses me about this restaurant is its wide selection of small appertizer dishes. I can&#39;t comment on the food quality yet as the food I ordered has yet to arrive. However, what I can comment is the service I have been getting so far. If Yelp allows me to give ratings solely based on the service I get, I would give this place &#34;0&#34; star. They have to be some of the cockiest servers I&#39;ve seen, and I can&#39;t stand the fact that servers tell me white lies about their reservation status... Gosh, I feel sorry for myself. Highly &#34;unrecommended&#34;.
this place is awesome! the food is so different. i guess you can call a lot of the stuff on the menu japanese style street food. its like asian tapas and its super cheap! we ordered a bunch of different dishes...agedashi tofu, bacon wrapped mochi, ahi tuna and tofu salad, seared tuna, eel and tempura roll, fried pork cutlet with cheese, egg, and cabbage. all of it was really yummy. we also ordered the honey bread dessert....mouth watering! service was good. the only downside is that they have a lot of different items placed on the walls not on the actual menu so its a bit overwhelming trying to decide what to eat. i might have to come here everytime i come to vegas! =)
*4 stars* for their beef bowl and honey toast =)  ++ they&#39;re open late.  i like to think of this place as a japanese tapas bar =)
this place is deeelicious. my boyfriend and I just went to vegas from LA and we ordered almost everything that was recommended by previous yelpers (thanks for the photos). Our favorites were yellowtail tartar, honey toast, chicken gizzard, beef tongue, and the ramen wasn&#39;t too shabby either.
I have now been here twice in the month I&#39;ve lived in Charlotte. Both times I have gone with family. The first time my aunt and I shared so we could try two things.  I got the chicken and shrimp burrito which was more than filling and she got the bbq mahi tacos which were so full of fish, you could hardly pick them up! The second time I returned and got the BBQ Mahi tacos because I liked them so much. Ended up bringing enough food home from our table that I had two other meals (brought home two tacos). This week I was there on Thursday night and we had just beat the crowd. They had 1/2 off NC Draft beers which was awesome! I will definitely return again soon!
One of my favorite taco spots in North Carolina! The restaurant I nestled in a nice neighborhood on N Davidson Street. The service was excellent with our waitress being very attentive, especially for lunch hour during a work day. We ordered the crab dip as an appetizer and it was really good and came with so many toasted pitas we couldn&#39;t even finish it. We ordered a honey soy glazed salmon taco and a bbq mahi mahi taco. Some of the best tacos I have had! The sauce was nicely drizzled and the portion was perfect. The tacos also came with sides of avocado salad and chickpeas which complimented the main dishes well. Would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Charlotte area!
Considering, I just came back from Mexico, I was not really excited to have tacos.  However, my hosts insisted.  Really glad they did, I ordered the lemon grilled taco with refried beans.  My wife ordered the beer battered white fish taco.  My Grandmothers ordered the salmon tacos.  We decided to mix and match to try all three and I must say all three were amazing.  The grilled shrimp taco had wonderful flavor, loved the basil and sauce that it was served with.  Also, I love how each flour tortillas is fried to a perfect crispness.  The white fish taco had a nice crunch to it, the salmon taco tasted great as well.  The salmon had a really nice grilled flavor.  Their retried beans were great and the avocado pasta salad had a nice bite to it.  The only item, I did not have was the complementary chips and salsa.  The chips were good, but the salsa was terrible.  It had a lot of corn and red onions, to this tasted more like a coke slaw than your typical salsa.   In summary if, I lived here, I would definitely frequent this place.
What can I say about Cabo Fish Taco that hasn&#39;t already been said.... It&#39;s a gem in NoDa! With good and fast service, the place always has a line... and it&#39;s not small.Chips and salsa are always fresh! My favorite dish there is the Blackened Mahi, it feels like you just stepped onto Baja California and took a bite! I wouldn&#39;t normally be full with two tacos, but they fill them to the brim, and most people need a fork to scoop up all the goodness after the shell is gone. I&#39;m always game is anyone of my friends wants to go here...
This is our second attempt to get in to this bustling restaurant and as usual the waitress said a wait time of 30 to 45 mins. After an excruciating wait we got to our tables. Our waiter was okay but never acknowledged the fact we waited a whole 45 minutes to get to our table. Once you order there is an another delay which might take some waiting before you could dig in. The tacos were okay tasting and not very flavorful. The quantity of food was mediocre. Be warned all that waiting would make you really hungry. Overall if i look back, I could only remember the waiting and nothing about the food. The restaurant is at a great place and Tacos with sea food is definitely inviting, but considering all the toil, I rather see someplace else.
Went here with a big group and we were served promptly. I ordered the special which was pork belly tacos and chose baja rice as the side. The tacos were sooo good! The pork belly was crisp on the outside and so soft and chewy on the inside. Flavor was spot on! The tortilla was also really nice, soft, and buttery. The baja rice had some chutney on top, and though it looked unappetizing, it sure was tasty! Prices are reasonable and the service was good!
Oh Cabo, I&#39;ve always meant to visit you! Why didn&#39;t I do it sooner? Oh it&#39;s probably because you suck. I want to give it the benefit of the doubt, I mean everyone has bad days right? But it&#39;s just so bad that I don&#39;t want to go back.So after agreeing to go to Cabo Fish Taco after a pretty bad Eclecfest event at Red at 28th, I was kinda excited. Because Tacos! So after my date and I found some parking, we discovered that we were the first to arrive in our party. I walk in and I&#39;m told by the hostess that there is an hour wait for a 5 person table and a 10 minute wait if we want to squeeze into a 4 person table. I ask to see the 4 person table and it&#39;s not really too bad so after some feedback from the others we agree to a 4 person table. Well I went to the restroom, and apparently my friends got told to move it cause they&#39;re blocking the hostess&#39;s path. Maybe they put up a fight getting out the door who knows, because all I know is after I got out and joined them again to wait outside she yelled my name like she wanted to kill me. My line of work deals with very upset people all the time  so I didn&#39;t think too much of it, but my friends and date were quite shocked and upset over it. As we get seated I&#39;m wondering why right next to us there&#39;s a perfectly good table for 5 but we&#39;re still seated at the table for 4, oh well. Our orders get put in pretty fast I thought after a confusing mix up with them not updating their daily specials board. Chilling with our drinks that don&#39;t get refilled, so my date Allen generously refills my cup with his water. About 45 minutes of no water later, when I&#39;m hungry and not happy enough our waitress comes over and says the printer had problems and hadn&#39;t printed our orders out (sounds to me like they totally forgot the order). She said sorry I&#39;ll keep your water filled at least! Well she didn&#39;t even do that. Maybe you could have sent over an appetizer or something after making us wait so long for food and not even checking up on us, because we&#39;re hungry!Finally the food the food arrives at our table, and it&#39;s pretty skimpy portions but I&#39;m a positive thinker so I say maybe it&#39;ll taste great! Well was I wrong about that. There are way too many onions in the quesadilla, maybe if they had actually stated that there were going to be onions galore in there I would&#39;ve been able to ask them to omit them. I just wanted a cheese quesadilla guys! We would have been able to share the disappointment in our dishes if the waitress had been around or if we could have heard each other over the loud noise of the place.So people left hungry, prices are not good for what you get, and there is rude inattentive service there. This place managed to get everything wrong and leave such a bad impression on their customers so why is it so popular? I for one don&#39;t have any inclination to return anytime soon, or ever.
Today was my 1st time at CFT.  And I have to admit...it was really REALLY good!I love the laid back atmosphere.  The waitress was the BEST!  I work in the service industry and I always expect amazing customer service everywhere I go, and she deserves 5 stars!  I hate coming to a new restaurant and the wait staff doesn&#39;t explain the menu/concept.  She was very very thorough and so personable.  Some wait staff can be a little too personable and it can get annoying.  But she was the perfect amount.  She explained the menu very well to someone like me who is very indecisive.  And our drinks and chips were never empty (and we had a table of 8). I think some people may not like the salsa.  It&#39;s mainly corn, red onion, tomatoes, lemon juice, cilantro, and maybe some green peppers.  I loved it.  Nice and simple.  I had the tuna rancheros.  It was so good!  The tuna was cooked perfectly and the tomatoes were so juicy and sweet.  I had a bite of my friend&#39;s beer battered shrimp taco and it was amazing.  I regretted not getting it, but oh well, I&#39;ll just have to go back!I will definitely be back...very soon!
Very trendy place to get tacos. It does get pretty loud in the restaurant at peak hours. I was initially a bit skeptical about the price ($12 for 2 tacos and a side) but was very pleased with the amount of fish/meat in my meal. You are allowed to mix and match any taco on the menu, so I went with two of their specialty tacos - lemon grilled shrimp and honey soy glazed salmon. Out of the two, both were extremely flavorful and juicy, but the salmon was just cooked extremely well and the sauce was divine. I also enjoyed the semi crispy taco shells, that was a first. I think the sides could be improved, however. I got sautéed veggies as a side and they could do with a bit more flavor. But overall, a very satisfying meal. Service was slow-ish and our server didn&#39;t seem very interested at all but it was fine. It was hard to find free street parking on a busy night but there is a paid lot nearby.
Quite possibly the best fish tacos I have ever tasted....2nd only to Torchy&#39;s Tacos in TX.  The flavor was outstanding (I had one salmon taco and one tuna) and the fish was grilled to perfection.  My only complaint was that when we got our food it was lukewarm...not hot at all.  Also, I ordered the coleslaw and it was slightly flavorless.
I&#39;ve been in the NODA area for more than two years now and it never gave this place a try. My loss !What a great find, my favorite taco place in Charlotte for sure. Better late than never. They have huge portion sizes which justifies the price. Loved their house made corn and salsa, which is not the usual kind youl get at other places. Even their margaritas are ate fantastic. I ordered the mahi mahi BBQ taco and I got these two giant tacos with almost a pound of fish ! Never have I ever seen this much in a taco. It had the right amount of spice for me and I just loved my food. My girlfriend ordered tofu with Thai chili sauce and even that was good. Definitely coming back here.
So yum!!  Good casual vibe; reggae music playing and an outdoor patio for people watching.  The Cabo Roll Appetizer was filling...should be shared for 3 or more.  I actually REALLY liked the corn salsa w/cilantro &amp; diced tomatoes...it was refreshingly different &amp; more sophisticated than a typical red salsa from a jar.  Beer Battered fish tacos were just ok...put your money on the tuna or the bbq mahi tacos.LOVED Loved Loved the Tavarua Tuna Tacos...I came in thinking that the seared tuna thing has been cliched to death, but their tuna tacos had a really nice flavor, enhanced by their wasabi tuna &amp; kiwi-pineapple fajita sauce.  I think I&#39;m in love.
Cabo Fish Taco is located in NODA, which is the north end of davidson street.  Everytime we stop by NODA, my bf and I would always see a line out the door.  People were obviously waiting for seats to open up.  We were lucky enough to gone there early on a Wednesday night 6pm, right before my flight to grab an early dinner.  Once we walked in, there were plenty of seats and a reall cool looking booth that can fit up to 10 people.  Would love to sit there, if i were to come with a group of friends.  We were first served chips and salsa! I absolutely love their salsa! It had tomatoes, corn, and pieces of onion.  I guess i love anything that has corn in it! We both ordered two tacos which comes with a side.  The tacos can mix and match so i got the Beer Battered Fish Taco and the Beer Battered Shrimp Taco with a side of Spicy avacado pasta.  I thought the shrimp taco was more delicious than the fried fish taco.  Reason is because the shrimp was still juicy and chewy even when fried.  I can tell they must of fried the shrimp on the spot, because both the fried fish and the fried shrimp came out pipping hot.  The taco shells were also fried, which was a change in all the tacos i ever had up north.  With every bite, there would a crunchy taste!  I would like to rave about the Spicy Avacado pasta salad! it was definitely delicious! My bf got the Blackened Mahi Mahi Taco and the Steak taco  with a side of the baha salad?  The side came with black beans, chick peas , and corn i think.  And in our perspective, the side choice wasn&#39;t a good one.  However the Blackened Mahi Mahi taco was just okay, and the steak taco was chewy and was cooked to medium well.  Next time i think i would  try the fried shrimp tacos again, and another taco thats not from the fryer to balance out the chew factor taste.
The tables were turning over pretty quickly but a LOT of people were waiting for a spot on a busy Saturday night, so we waited an hour and 15 minutes (as quoted by the hostess) for our table.  It was well worth the wait!   Btw - the staff was busting their bums getting everyone accommodated for.  They were polite and efficient given the amount of folks waiting for tables!  I liked the happening vibe at CFT.   We were headed to Neighborhood Theater for a later show, so we had time to hang out and have a few drinks, chips, and salsa while we waited.  The chips &amp; salsa were so-so, but I was so hungry we devoured a whole basket!  I personally like a spicier, more  tomato-ey salsa, but that&#39;s just me.My battered shrimp taco was OUTSTANDING!  I loved the flavor of the shrimp and the tortilla was delicious.  My chicken taco was good too, but I could have devoured more than one of those shrimp puppies.  The barbecue mahi was pretty darn delicious too.  NoDa is a cool neighborhood...we&#39;d definitely come back for more tacos and another show!
This was the first place I checked out in NoDa, and I left so disappointed. Ok, so their claim to fame is fish tacos so that&#39;s what I ordered -- the beer battered white fish tacos. The white cilantro sauce was gross; the beer batter overwhelmed the taste of the fish. The corn salsa and chips were stale. The waitress offered to replace the meal, but since the tacos were bad and I was famished, I decide to order something safe . . . like a salad. Ok NoDa, don&#39;t let me down again. I am off to find my NoDa dining gem . . .  assuming one exists.
Always one of our favorite date places. Honey soy salmon and bbq mahimahi are on point! Seasonal jalapeño cheddar mashed potatoes were good, I would rather have fresh jalapeños over pickled, but still good.
So I saw this place on DDD so of course I had to check it out it was pretty good the tacos were very filling and you could taste the fresh ingredients the jalapeño mash potatoes left something to be desired but the tacos more than make up for it ...the atmosphere is Latin Kitch and it&#39;s in the art district so there are a lot of cool shops in the area if your up for it ..the best part about this place is the cilantro sauce That goes in the tacos I recommend this place simple fresh clean food !
Dont really get the hype about this place. I had fish tacos, rice with mango chutney, and a beer. Was reasonably priced and tasted fine, but it wasnt anything to write home about. It&#39;s aight.
Decent place to grab seafood tacos.  I was in Charlotte for business and a coworker suggested I come here. This restaurant is located in the the NoDa part of Charlotte, a very cute neighborhood that is worth exploring more if I were to ever come back.  Street parking only for this location. Got here 6pm on a Monday and we were seated immediately.  Seems like a cool and chill atmosphere.  They have a full bar as well. Once seated, they brought us complimentary chips and corn salsa. From their taco portion of the menu, you can order any two tacos which come with your choice of side dish.  I went with the BBQ Mahi and the beer battered shrimp, with a side of baja rice.  Both were delicious but not too memorable. Service was nice, food was OK, but not sure I&#39;d make a beeline to come back to this place if I were back in Charlotte for business.
LOVE THIS PLACE! The cabo rolls are at the top of my &#34;must have&#34; list, followed by Tavarua Tuna tacos
Pros:Good salsaGood locationCons:Insane wait for not that great of food Bad chips, always stale Bad serviceNot that great of a venueNo parkingBad serviceMargarita is overpriced and weakFor as much as everyone talks this place up, I was very disappointed. Long story short.. I&#39;ll pass.
Best fish tacos I&#39;ve had so far! Stopped by because of the place being featured on DDD. They get you in and out quick. Food isn&#39;t a long wait at all. Got a silver surfer margarita and they have some other specialty margaritas. Husband got a lonerider shotgun Betty and really liked it. Ordered the BBQ mahi mahi fish tacos which was featured in DDD. I&#39;ve never had BBQ on fish tacos but it goes so well. The sauce is homemade and the soft tortilla is too! It was the first thing we noticed when the tacos arrived. I wish every taco place had these homemade soft tortillas. I could just smack on those alone.Husband ordered the blackened mahi mahi and he enjoyed that as well. You get two tacos so we swapped one. He got the spicy avocado pasta salad as a side and it was delicious. It&#39;s really not spicy at all. If we lived in Charlotte we would definitely be coming back. There&#39;s no parking lot so you&#39;ll have to find street parking. You will not be disappointed with the fish tacos. Almost everyone in the restaurant was ordering them. Also featured on the show was the tuna wasabi burrito. I saw someone order that and it looked yummy as well. Another unique part is the corn salsa they give you to snack on. It&#39;s got a slight kick and it&#39;s just tomatos and corn with chips. I just wanna go back and try everything off the menu!
Kid friendly environment, noisy atmosphere &amp; great service. Love that the salsa was fresh chunks of tomatoes &amp; corn. The chips were a bit hard &amp; thick. Avocado pasta salad was delicious- definitely order it again.  Tofu tacos were perfect. My 5yr old liked her shrimp kids meal. Beer batter white fish was heaven for your mouth....moist fish with oh so good batter. Plenty of seats inside or outdoor patio.
The wait is incredibly long Saturday night but worth it! Don&#39;t get the guac (nothing special and portion size is small and not a size to share despite its $7charge). I got the BBQ mahi mahi taco which was great! I definitely recommend it! The taco has a crunchy but soft shell.
WOW this place&#39;s food is DELICIOUS. I had shrimp tacos with a jalapeno &amp; cheese mashed potatoes. DELICIOUS. The salsa seems more authentic than the typical American style with less liquid sauce and more chunks of tomato &amp; other veggies. DELICIOUS.Service is average. We were originally going to Crepes Cellar but they were closed on Mondays (didn&#39;t know) so we went across the street. 10:35pm (close at 11) and the staff let us in to eat. (Points from me!) And the place still had a good number of people!Good for a casual meal with friends and family. Definitely worth a visit or two or several.
Went here for the first time because it was featured on Guy Fieri&#39;s Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives television show. It is now my favorite restaurant in Charlotte and the best fish taco I&#39;ve eaten. Every time I have guests visit Charlotte, this is a place that I take them to. Every time. Each time I&#39;ve gone here (4 or 5 times) has been a great experience. The vibe and the ambience is upbeat and laid back. The lighting is fine, and it gives off a casual dining atmosphere. The service is extremely quick, and the waiters have been attentive and friendly every time. They start you off with free chips and corn/tomato salsa which is very tasty. Not to mention it&#39;s free! I&#39;ve only ever eaten the fish tacos here and I can&#39;t imagine myself ordering anything else. They let you mix and match two tacos with each other, so you can try two different ones. The portions are pretty big and they don&#39;t hold back when it comes to the fish. Not a big fish taco eater prior to coming here, I always assumed I would be hungry after eating fish tacos. Not here - I am stuffed every time. The two fish tacos come with a side dish ranging from rice and beans to jalapeno mashed potatoes. One sneaky good side I would recommend is the avocado pasta salad though! Would recommend the BBQ mahi mahi tacos (the ones Guy Fieri had on his show) and the Tavarua tuna tacos (if you&#39;re not a big wasabi fan, get the sauce on the side, cause it&#39;s strong).They don&#39;t do reservations so expect a wait at peak hours, but it will be worth it.Bottom line: Amazing food, great atmosphere, efficient and attentive service. What gives this 5 stars and not 4 is the affordability - Prices are extremely fair and you get a lot of good food for what you pay. If you&#39;re in Charlotte you must eat here.
still my fav taco place but try their spicy avacado pasta salad!! you won&#39;t regret it!
Came here with my cousin who was visiting from Fort Bragg because I had heard solid reviews from others. He got the Mahi Mahi tacos which he said were average. The fish was bland and not particularly anything to write home about.I had the chicken tacos which were so watery that the tortilla they came on was soggy, damp and crumbling apart before it even reached my table. That should&#39;ve been my first sign.There must have been an entire handful of chives in the tacos. I ended up having to spend five minutes picking enough out so I could actually taste the meat.Anyway, I ate a good portion of the tacos and began feeling sick about 45 minutes later. Spent the next two days in bed feeling miserable.I will never go back here.
The tacos were huge! A meal is typically around 12 bucks or so but they are worth it! I had the steak and fish tacos ! They both had plenty or protein in them. The seasoning was also good and their complimentary salsa can be a bit in the spicy side but also very good
I really like Cabo for the atmosphere, menu, beers.  The food is just A-OK it&#39;s pretty consistent and you can get some very good tacos but as far as food network worthy mmm not so much.  I will continue to come back to this little joint though waiting for it to wow me.  This is a great place to take some friends for lunch and try out some unique fish tacos.  It&#39;s always bumping so be prepared for a wait.
My sister and I heard this spot was featured on diners, drive Ins, and dives.  We shared the fish tacos, they were okay, the corn salsa was ok too.  But our server was pleasant.  The must interesting part of our visit was the double toilets in the ladies restroom.
I am not sure if we ordered the wrong things, but the food was just okay. I had ordered the salmon salad and the fish was raw inside...I told my server and she kindly brought me out another one, but by that time my appetite was non existent.
Decided to eat at this restaurant since it was featured on Guy&#39;s Diners, Drive- ins, and Dives. We went on a Friday night thinking we&#39;d have to wait but were surprised to find no wait and a simply smooth, and enjoyable experience. Our waiter was very nice and helpful. I got the Sweet Thai chili tofu tacos with the tofu grilled instead of fried in beer batter. For my side I chose the avocado pasta. My husband had the grilled salmon tacos with refried beans as his side. All of their sides are vegetarian. I LOVED his tacos. Definitely felt it tasted better than mine although mine was decent. You can park on the street. We were roaming through Noda where everything is walking distance so this was the perfect spot to eat. I&#39;m so glad we came here and recommend it to anyone visiting!
We tried Cabo for lunch on a busy Saturday, and it was awesome. I&#39;ve heard many great things about Cabo, and the food and service exceeded my expectations. First off, the complimentary chips and salsa were very good. The chips were fresh and seasoned well. The fresh corn salsa/pico had a lot of corn and had a nice crunch to it; it&#39;s different from your typical tomato based salsa. For my entree, I ordered the speciality ahi tuna and teriyaki salmon tacos with Mexican cole slaw. Both tacos were fantastic. The tortilla was lightly fried and was a little bit greasy, but hot and had a slight crunch. There was a very generous amount of fish chunks, and they tasted really fresh. The ahi tuna had a nice sear and was rare on the inside, which is a must. The light sauce and wasabi complimented the tuba very well and made it a great taco to eat. The teriyaki salmon was also super flavorful and a great Japanese taste to it. The tacos with the slaw and chips were filling and great to eat. Overall, I would highly recommend Cabo as a great lunch spot because it&#39;s not as busy as dinner. The fish tacos were excellent and a must try. The fish tasted fresh and were served in huge chunks. I would definitely come back next time I&#39;m in Charlotte.
Today was the first time I&#39;ve been to Cabo Fish Tacos. This place has the best tacos ever. I had the Lemon Grilled Shrimp Tacos. They literally made me do a happy dance. The avocado pasta was delicious too. I will be back!
Went here after many recommendations and it was great. The restaurant itself is bigger than I expected and they were able to seat my party of 8 pretty much immediately despite being busy. We were greeted immediately and the waitress made good recommendations. I grabbed a margarita beer, which had a slightly sour after-tone as expected.  For food I ordered the bbq Maui Maui and the honey soy salmon fish tacos with the baja rice as a side. The baja rice was ok, nothing memorable but both of the tacos were super flavorful and delicious. I can see why this place was on food network. This place adds to the many great places to eat in the NODA area in Charlotte.
I came here for dinner one night with the fellas during my bachelor party and I am so glad we decided to come here and eat. First off this placing is popping on a Friday night. We were able to secure a table for 7 and we only waited around 5 mins. I ordered a plate of some of their signature fish tacos but the only one I can remember is their honey soy glazed salmon tacos. Let me tell you that those honey salmon tacos are the TRUTH. It was so delicious that I wanted to get three more of them but sadly I only had one. The portions here are plentiful and everyone else in my party enjoyed their food as well. This is a great spot to hangout on the weekends but be warned that it can get loud in here! The service was good and our waitress checked up on us a few times and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time.SN: for some reason they only had one mens restroom and a unisex bathroom. Just a little odd that they didn&#39;t have a womens only one either
I&#39;ve been meaning to go to Cabo Fish Taco for many moons and never got around to it. NoDa, despite all it has to offer, is not a neighborhood I frequent. On this night a group of us were celebrating Becky&#39;s birthday and our original destination was actually Heist Brewery. The friendly staff at Heist told us that we had a two hour wait so we decided to skip Heist since we were all pretty hungry.Cabo was packed, and originally we were told there was a 20 minute wait. Fortunately they told us the bar was open so we opted for that option. Ultimately we ended up eating at the bar since we didn&#39;t want to wait for a table.The atmosphere is cool and hipster, not unlike anything else you&#39;d expect in NoDa. The décor was great and the restaurant is ample. I especially loved the ceilings which had been untouched for quite some time and still had the original The first thing they brought us was this corn-based pico de gallo-style salsa. I&#39;ve never seen this style of salsa with so much corn but it was great. For my taste though, I could have done with 50% less corn and add maybe a little bit of cabbage instead. Chips were nice too, nothing special.I ordered the wasabi tuna burrito which was excellent. No complaints at all. It would have never occurred to me to wrap those ingredients and wrap them in a flour tortilla to make them a burrito but it was one of the better dishes I&#39;ve had lately. The wasabi was there... boom! Front and center in every bite. My tuna was perfectly cooked with a lot of pink in the middle and the avocado sent the whole thing to rock stardom.Becky ordered the same but in taco form.The beer selection was decent, as many other eateries in the area they seem to have dedicated a few tabs to local/regional breweries which is always nice to see (although lately it seems that our own loyalty to the local/regional breweries is limiting the availability of other small/medium breweries, oh well). I had one of Birdsong&#39;s Jalapeño Pale Ale (what else will you have with a wasabi tuna burrito?!).Loved Cabo Fish Taco and want to go back to try more of their dishes!
I really like the laid back atmosphere of this place and the funky decor inside. The service is excellent. The only problem is the parking in the area and that the food is so good that if you come at the wrong time you will have to wait a while.I recommend the queso dip and, if you like it spicy which I do, the green tomatillo salsa for an app. I&#39;ve never had a bad entree here. Great burritos and tacos. But i believe the best item I&#39;ve had is the BBQ mahi tacos. And they have a good selection of craft beers on tap.Go, you&#39;ll enjoy it.
Hipster style Taco joint with a bar inside. Drinks are bland as well as the basic flavored tacos. Specialty tacos got flavor but could do better to have little more flavor like something was missing. Price ranges about $10-15 depending on what you get. Don&#39;t believe the hype. But if willing to give a chance then select a specialty taco. The sides that come with the tacos are NOT good. Food came out really fast. Overpriced
My first ever fish taco, and it blew my mind. First walking in, I thought the atmosphere was meh (too loud) and the service was also meh (too slow). The salsa was pretty good but nothing unlike the salsas I&#39;ve had before. But then my BBQ Mahi Tuna Taco came and I almost died and went to heaven. I was expecting fish tasting taco but it was the least fish tasting tuna I&#39;ve ever had. The fish was cut into chunky cubes but cooked so the meat practically melted into your mouth. The best part was the tortilla.  The tortilla was made out of some sort of God-Bread that was both flaky and bready at the same time. It was almost pastry like and I need to know how to make it! But anyways. You get my drift. Awesome, awesome, awesome food.
EPIC TUNA BURRITO.The name says it all.  But, if you must hear a few more to back up the claim, here are a few: GRILLED YELLOW FIN TUNA WRAPPED WITH BLACK BEANS, RICE, AVOCADO, ROASTED RED PEPPERS MIXED CHEESES &amp; OUR WHITE CILANTRO SAUCE.Hubs and I visited this past weekend  for lunch while seeing friends that live in Charlotte.  They suggested this location as a great place for us to see the art district while having some good options for us all (three omnivores and one mostly-pescatarian)The chips brought out were okay, but the salsa was really good, as well as the guacamole we ordered for the table.  We were seated at the big booth in the front, so it was cool to hear the bustle of the restaurant, but still quiet enough to have some good convo.We all loved the food - me especially!   But the portions are SOOO big.  I ate just half and hubs happily finished mine after he ate his BBQ mahi tacos which he loved as well.  BIG BIG YUM!
for the record... cabo fish taco has never been closed due to food poisoning!!!!! you are thinking cow fish in south park!!!
My wife and I were excited to eat at Cabo fish taco, but were left with a poor taste in our mouths. As hyped as this place is the food is average at best. I can cook better mahi tacos at home. My wife ordered the beer battered white fish tacos and I the blackened mahi tacos and both came out cold. Not room temp I mean refrigerator cold. And my wife got sick half an hour later into the next morning. Wish I could say it was good but it was a waste of our money!
I had the shrimp tacos and was really surprised. The tortillas were made fresh which is a huge plus. The tacos were also a nice size, plenty of nice sized shrimp. A little disappointed in the jalapeno mashers, they were literally mash potatoes with jalapenos and cheese on top, I don&#39;t know I guess I was expecting something a little more unique, but it was still good. $2 beers and good service, can&#39;t beat it!
THE BEST FISH TACOS I&#39;VE EVER HAD! So last Saturday I tried this place for the first time after hearing all these great things about it from friends, and it definitely lived up to my expectations. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! I&#39;ve had the lemon grilled tuna and grilled salmon tacos, they were both great, but the salmon one was to die for! The cilantro white sauce really perfects the dish! You also get a side with the order as well; I chose fruit cup to be a little on the healthy side. I thought 2 tacos wasn&#39;t going to be enough for me because I have such a big appetite, but it was very filling. Good portion size! This is definitely a place to check out. I want to go there again very very soon!
I love seafood and Mexican food...naturally, Cabo Fish Taco was a delightful treat last night! This may have been my first time there but it definitely won&#39;t be my last. I wasn&#39;t surprised to find that Cabo was packed around 7:45p last night. They won&#39;t seat you unless your entire party is there so make sure to be on time if you are meeting someone. We were seated right away and given this amazing corn salsa to start. I wasn&#39;t a fan of the chips, they were a little stale for my taste, but the corn salsa was crisp and refreshing. Definitely a step up from the tomato salsa you get at chain restaurants. I took V&#39;s recommendation and ordered the epic tuna burrito rare with a side of avocado pasta salad. I was tempted to order the beer battered salmon tacos but I&#39;ll save that for another Thursday. The bf got a beer battered shrimp taco and a chicken taco. I didn&#39;t mind the wait, we had corn salsa to keep us company. Food came out, those tacos looked huge! I seriously have not seen tacos that stuffed, I definitely will be returning for those tacos now. The shrimp was tender on the inside and crunchy on the outside, as it should be. The epic tuna burrito is rightfully named with generous chunks of fresh tuna. I love sushi so I enjoyed the rare tuna. For all of you who don&#39;t normally eat seafood, its not fishy at all. The shrimp and fish were seasoned so well. That pasta salad, yum, soooo creamy. I am going to have to opt for this option for every meal at Cabo. We are for sure coming back. I&#39;ll have to try a margarita next time. Cheers!
I live in Noda so sometimes I come here out of convenience but I&#39;m never greatly satisfied. Their tacos are good, but for the price you can get way better.Their chips are always stale too.Although the food is not anything special their service has always been good.
One of NODAs hot spots!  I have been to Cabo Fish Taco for the last few years.  This place is AWESOMELY delicious!  Let&#39;s start from the very beginning...when you sit down, you are greeted by some chips and salsa.  But not just any kind of salsa, corn salsa.  The salsa is a good mix of sweet and regular salsa-y.  The chips add a nice saltiness to it.  Then the margaritas are refreshing with a good balance of sweetness and tequila.  I always get the Mahi Mahi fish tacos with usually one of their taco specials.  I love how you can mix and match the different tacos.  The tortilla they are served on is hard to describe.  It is more flaky and light than your average flour tortilla.  The ingredients in the tacos are very fresh and flavorful.  Lastly, I am always craving the jalapeño mash potatoes, because they are THE best mash potatoes I have ever had.  However, they are only served as a seasonal side.  So I am disappointed when they are not an option and have to get my second favorite of the slaw.  This is a must try restaurant if you are in NODA!
First time I came here was for lunch and it was pretty empty. I didn&#39;t know what to expect. But what I did know was that the corn salsa was the bomb. The mahi mahi and carne asada tacos were pretty good too. But this last time I went to Cabo Fish Taco will probably be my last unless I&#39;m dragged along with a group of people. It was a really busy weeknight because it was the first time the weather was nice after winter. We put our name and number down and told it would be a 20 minute wait. After about 45 minutes and seeing people get seated before us that arrived after us, we asked the hostess how much longer our wait would be. She immediately sat us down, realizing that we were still there. I had the Honey Wasabi Tuna burrito and it was okay. The thing that made me not want to come back was eating my leftovers the next day. My lips tingled and felt like they were swollen every time I took a bite. I eat raw tuna all of the time. Not sure if this was bad fish or what, but it makes me hesitant to come back.
I had the &#34;special&#34; which was a grilled scallop taco with pineapple salsa and the jalapeno/cheddar mashers.  It was tasty but it didn&#39;t blow my mind.  However the crab/shrimp dip with deep fried pita triangles was ON POINT.  I could eat that all day, everyday!Service was very attentive even on a busy Friday night!
I recieved my drink, appetizer and meal within 10min! Very good and fast service. Food was amazing, hot and fresh. The lemonade is fantastic
I wish Yelp had half stars because this place was a 3.5/5 for me. We went on a Sunday morning and there was no wait but like any part of downtown, the parking situation sucks. We got free chips and corn salsa to start and that was pretty good and a nice change from the regular tomato salsa. Our waiter also hooked us up with queso which tasted great. I got two tacos and they all come with a side (carne asada and tavarua tuna) and I decided on  their special jalapeño mashed potatoes that our waiter recommended as my side. The carne asada was a bit spicy but it was nothing special, there was too much going on. The tuna one was delicious and cooked perfectly. The mashed potatoes were weird, I was not impressed because it was just mashed potatoes with jalapeño pieces on top. Overall I think it is definitely overhyped. The tacos are good but not the best I&#39;ve had, the combinations are cool and more of a go for the atmosphere place.
Everytime I visit the area I always make sure I make time to go to Cabo Fish Taco. Best fish taco I&#39;ve ever had. Stick with the OG - Cabo Fish Taco fish tacos. They also serve you complimentary corn salsa and chips.
I am from northern virginia and I cant find good fish taco anywhere. My boss and my boyfriends parents (who are from charlotte) says this place is the place to go for fish tacos. I have to say O.M.G so delicious. I ordered the blackened mahi mahi tacos with black beans and rice and it was so good. They give you so much fish and you can tell it is fresh. They give you two tacos and they are huge!! My boyfriend ordered the special of the day which was dredged seabass taco and it was amazing too! It was lightly fried and seasoned so well!Our server was such a sweetheart and was super attentive. She refilled our drinks without even asking! Also the manager/owner came around too and asked how our food was! (Which is a huge plus for me)P.S this place isnt a mexican style tacos everything has a california style to it. If i am ever back in town this place will be on top of my list.
Where to even begin... I LOVE cabo fish taco! I went to Virginia Tech and the other cabo fish taco location is in Blacksburg, VA (where VT is). Whenever I had friends in town I would always try to take them there to eat.So, I was not surprised to see Cabo Fish Taco high on the list with good reviews when I was visiting Charlotte and I looked up what restaurants were popular in the area. My boyfriend and I decided to check out cabo for lunch so he could get a taste of it for himself. Of course, even cabo fish taco in Charlotte did no disappoint. The restaurant is located in a nice little artsy area known as NODA. Just as you would expect. the interior is something you would imagine for a restaurant near the beach - almost like a surf shack. I generally always order some form of taco. When in Charlotte, I saw a new one that I haven&#39;t tried yet, the TAVARUA (TAV-A-ROO) TUNA TACOS so, of course that&#39;s what I went with. Ahhh, these were so good - even our server mentioned that they were her favorite! I didn&#39;t really expect them to have a spicy flavor but the honey wasabi sauce definitely added a kick. Also, if you didn&#39;t know, you get complimentary chips &amp; corn salsa to start you off which is delicious.If you haven&#39;t been here yet, you should definitely check it out! Whether you&#39;re with friends, family, solo, a date - Cabo Fish Taco is very versatile so I think it would be a fitting place for any occasion!
Chips and salsa please!!!!!!  I love it.  What a great place for my wife and I to walk to whenever we want.  Drink specials and two bars to sit at if you don&#39;t want to wait since there is more often times than not a small wait time.  No problem though.  I have a spot in my heart for some fried shrimp and their beer battered shrimp tacos are out of this world!  Very delicious and the shrimp are always huge and tasty.  The jalepeno mashed potatoes are my go to side when they have it since it is not year round.  If you want to test and see how much you can eat, order the shrimp fajitas.  I&#39;m a big feller and it is all I can do to eat that whole thing.  More chips and salsa!!!!!!!  When the weather is nice, the patio seating is pretty cool since you get a chance to see all the characters we have in NoDa.  I am so glad we live very close to this place!
Consistent quality. Been dining there for many years- Before it blew up on tv show. Beer battered tacos are good. Salsa is very flavorful and spicy. Took a friend who had never been before and she liked her quesadilla. Will definitely be back.
We&#39;ve been in Charlotte for a few years now and for one reason or another hadn&#39;t been to Cabo FIsh Tacos.... now that I&#39;ve been I have many regrets... the biggest one being that I hadn&#39;t gone sooner. Located in NoDA the parking can be a little tough but once you&#39;re there you can walk up and down N Davidson and enjoy the area, but I digress back to Cabo Fish Tacos.If you go on the weekends be prepared to wait but they have a  cool site that updates you on your place in line so if you&#39;ve got a 30min wait you can walk around or if there is space grab a drink at the bar.  On colder days oof really hot days don&#39;t plan on having a place to hang out to wait because at CFT there is not a waiting area. We tried a few different things and for your friends that don&#39;t like fish they have steak options and veggie options.  The Mahi-Mahi tacos were a bit dry but he flavor was still good.  The Ahi tuna tacos rocked and the grilled steak is worth givIng a go.  I thought the steak was cook just right and flavor was to match.The chips and salsa aren&#39;t your typical, big chucks of tomato and corn, not my personal favorite but not bad.Overall:Location: great just tough too find parking ($4-$5 to park)Noise level:  it&#39;s pretty loud they&#39;ve got a lot of tables in a small space so youll hear your neighbors and they can hear you (not a great place to tell secrets)Price: was about $20/ person not including drinksService: while it was super casual and crazy busy I never once felt neglected or missed.  Great team!!
Cabo Fish Taco is in the main drag in the bourgeoning NoDa district of Northern Charlotte. The restaurant is friendly and inviting, likely geared towards families. Our service was polite, prompt and friendly. The food here was decent, not bad by any stretch but nothing really jumped out. Mexican food is one of the finest cuisines on the planet and it was just done in a very unique way here but in many ways it missed the mark and can be improved upon.
Wow! I heard great things about this place from a friend and it met the expectations. Cool section of town and neat looking storefront. Relaxed and open setting inside and an amazing waitress kicked off a cool lunch.  Started with a delicious local beer even though their margaritas looked tasty. I went for the mahi tacos blackened with a side of the jalapeño mashed potatoes. Waitress brought us some corn salsa with amazing homemade tortilla chips. Corn salsa isn&#39;t my thing but still tasty with a bite.  The tacos came out and were filled generously and seasoned amazingly (that&#39;s a lot of adverbs). Tacos were amazing and filling. Potatoes not bad but tasted like instant but I actually love instant potatoes. We also got a guacamole app which was fair but I&#39;d skip the next time.The star was the tacos and therefore, so good they earn the 5 star rating. Don&#39;t miss this place.This is a bit off the beat and path but easy trip from light rail or a quick Uber.
Haven&#39;t come here in many years. First time i was not to impressed. This time the tacos were a lot better. I ordered the beer battered shrimp and blackened mahi mahi tacos with avocado pasta salad. The shrimp was fries perfectly. The crema was also very good. The mahi mahi was also blackene well and was very flavorful. Pasta salad was soso. The service was extremely slow as well. Overall a very good restaurant with decent drink menu.
Really nice big Tacos. I am a vegetarian, was skeptical if they would have any good options. Had seen Tofu Tacos on their menu so went. I asked our server for Tofu Taco and she suggested Veggie taco (not on the menu), ordered both. Loved Veggie Taco!! Tofu Taco was good too. Great Server!It&#39;s a nice basic place with quirky decor. Don&#39;t think this place is inexpensive but the food tastes awesome! Parking can be tricky I believe, there is street parking and some additional parking space near the rail tracks.I will definitely try it again.
really great food. I had the beer battered white fish tacos and it was delicious. I substituted out the white cilantro sauce for a chulua aoili and it was bomb. My sister had the shrimp and chicken burrito and liked it as well. The avocado pasta salad side dish was super good and had a slight kick to it, the mashed potatoes were kind of bland though. Our waitress was super accommodating and kind. She checked on us a lot, refilling our waters and salsa and chip basket.
I LOVE THIS PLACE OMG. I usually get the thai chili tofu tacos and the avocado pasta and it is to die for  my love always gets any of the meat ones and loves them all! We call ahead and walk there for take out, it&#39;s usually pretty busy depending on the time of day you go! One of my favorite places to eat in NoDa!
We waited for 50 mins before the food was finally brought to the table. By the time they brought the food I was not even hungry anymore. I understand it&#39;s a popular restaurant but waiting for over an hour to get food (plus the waiting time in queue)? No I&#39;m not going back.
My friends in Charlotte raved about Cabo Fish Tacos and finally got a chance to try and boy was I surprised how good it was! It&#39;s really large and loud inside, and parking was hard to find so we had to pay for a spot nearby. Although I had been on a taco kick the past few days before, I knew I had to try their staple. Our server was super sweet, wish I caught her name, and helped me choose my tacos. Originally I was leaning towards the fried tacos because fried food is always better, but she told me her favorites were the lemon grilled shrimp tacos and the honey soy glazed salmon tacos. I was hesitant about the sauces, so she said they would be on the side. You also get a choice of a side and I went with the spicy avocado pasta salad. I was hungry.We munched on the chips and really yummy corn salsa and my glass of wine was delicious as well. When our food came out, the tacos were larger than I had imagined. Unfortunately they forgot to put the sauce on the side, but I liked them both!  The salmon was my absolute favorite, fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce was superb. The lemon shrimp were tasty as well, and all the trimmings inside the taco were a perfect combo. The avocado pasta salad reminded me of a pesto pasta but it was really good. I demolished my entire meal to the last bite!Will be back if I&#39;m ever back in the area! Very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get!
A good friend of mine was at Cabo fish taco with a group of our friends. This friend was more intoxicated then the rest of us and accidentally left without paying for his meal. He came back about 5 minutes later and told the waitress he accidentally walked out so he came back by himself to pay. They added $40 to his tab when he had 2 tacos and one beer- his tab was over $70. They also told him he isn&#39;t allowed to eat there anymore. What assholes! Next time, he&#39;s gonna walk out without paying and not even come back to be decent and let you know that he&#39;s sorry it was an accident and he&#39;s back to pay. Worst waitresses in all of CLT.
Who doesn&#39;t love this place! Every time I come here, I&#39;m met with really great service and the food is always good. The margaritas are delicious and pair well with the food for sure. My favorite time to go is when the weather breaks and they open up the side area. I love sitting outside with a good margarita and some chips! The two taco meals are super misleading. You might not think 2 tacos are enough but trust me they are! I have a hard time finishing both of them!
Great place for tacos! They start you off with some free chips and fresh salsa which was nice to munch on before our meal. I had the honey soy glazed salmon and the lemon grilled shrimp tacos; both were great but my favorite was the shrimp!
Really good salsa. Guac was just okay. Rasta Pasta was great and the portion was huge! Split it with my sister and neither of us could finish our half.
Every time I pass by this place, there was always a long line and people would rave about it from co workers to management staff at my apt building to uber drivers! But I have mixed reviews about this place after I tried their fish tacos and BBQ mahi. Really overpriced for the lack of quality. The tacos were mediocre- fish tacos tasted bland and the batter overpowered the fish inside. The BBQ sauce on the Mahi tasted like it came from a bottle that you can buy from the store and fish was overcooked.Will prob go back here again only because our server was so pleasant and accommodating. She noticed I didn&#39;t like the beer she suggested so she offered me what i originally wanted on the house. They clean the tables right away and try to seat ppl as fast as they can.
I had high hopes for this place after reading all the reviews. Unfortunately I left with more to be desired. The shrimp tacos I had looked good. I mean the presentation was on point! However it really lacked flavor. My wife&#39;s shrimp Baja bowl was sodium crazy! I guess the lid came off when they were putting the salt in. The salsa they give you is not the best and the chips were stale. Also maybe our server was having a bad day but we literally only saw her twice, once when we first sat down to after our food was brought out. If you&#39;re visiting Charlotte and trying to find a place to eat skip Cabo Taco you&#39;ll thank me later.
Great place for fish tacos. Been coming here for years. Non better in the Charlotte area. They have specials all the time.
Great hang out place. There&#39;s a reason this place is always packed to the gills during mealtimes and weekends. Their food is good, their service is excellent, and it&#39;s just got an overall great vibe.I recommend the queso dip if you want your willpower tested. I&#39;m not usually a fan of queso dips (*gluuurg* calories), but there was something about this one that just.... crack, it had to have been crack. It was crack queso dip.Cabo Fish Taco serves various forms of crack, skillfully folded into their food. My dining companion was quite taken with the honey wasabi sauce. It went into the Mahi Mahi fish taco she thoroughly enjoyed, and it went into the side of rice. She considered briefly drizzling it into her margarita before she finally resigned to just putting a small lid on the container (thoughtfully provided by our excellent server) and slipping it into her purse. I had the lemon-grilled shrimp on a corn tortilla (because flour is the devil, or at least my devil), and some sort of chickpea, tomato, and black bean concoction on the side. While the shrimp was tasty and the overall taco was a good blend, he white cilantro sauce (sour cream, yogurt, and cilantro) could *really* have used more, you know, cilantro.. or crack. I&#39;d take crack. I could be biased because I&#39;m a cilantro fiend. Hey, they&#39;re good for your kidneys. The salad-ish thing on the side could  have used a lot of something, anything. It was really tasteless. I really like all three of those ingredients normally, but put them together with nothing delicious (or crack-like) to, you know, rule them, find them, and in the darkness bind them... er what? It was just lackluster. Have I mentioned service was excellent? We came in on New Year&#39;s Day and was there ever a day where water was more needed? My glass was always refilled promptly, even as I was sucking down glass #3 or 5 or something.Definitely worth your while. I&#39;ll be back some day, Fish Taco.
They fit a lot of people into a small space, so it can be crowded and slow service sometimes...but the food always has great flavor!
Absolutely love this place! The food is amazing and super filling. The amount you pay and the amount of food you get is worth it. I would definitely recommend Cabo Fish Taco to others and I would go again!
You cannot go wrong with any of their burritos or tacos. Corn salsa is delish. Margaritas are refreshing. Jalapeno mashers are my favorite side item! Only complaint, sometimes the tuna could be prepared more med rare.
I love the Silver Surfer Margarita here. Service can sometimes be spotty but I can overlook that for this place. Lots of beers on tap too! The NODA area is a great place for a night out. Live music, great food and fun people. Cabo is definitely one of my favorite casual restaurant/bars in Charlotte to hang out with friends and people watch. The food has been inconsistent lately. I&#39;ve been sticking to the Shrimp Tacos. The complimentary chips have been really stale and nasty lately. Love the bigger space and two bar areas as well as the outside seating.
Papa Loca is delicious.  It is chiminea foil shaped filled with surprises of goodness inside.  I wish I knew the person that made it so I can have them attend all my family BBQs.
Would be a 4 and 1/2 if Yelp would get with the program. The only reason it&#39;s not a five was the flour tortillas tasted like store bought not the homemade kind that should go with street tacos. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The cabbage is cut in tiny chunks that made the taco for me. The red sauce is good but the salsa they offer for free to put on the tacos is excellent with the perfect amount of hot.   Went back and the street tacos were perfect, tortilla and all.
I&#39;ve came here twice now and I&#39;d say it&#39;s pretty good! Just wish they offered rice or sour cream :( but I do love their gorditas and the papa loco! Everything is well seasoned. There&#39;s sometimes a line to order that wraps around the restaurant but they are quick! Pretty small restaurant I should add but there is a patio you can sit and eat!
we love this place!  always fresh, always friendly and always Very good!  its always extremely busy so that must tell you they are doing something right.  i highly recommend this for tacos in the East Valley
This is one of my favorite spots, both locations are great but I prefer the Mesa. Always fast friendly service and their family pack is perfect for a group. 10/10 would recommend
Do not bother going here. The prices are ridiculous, for food with no flavor. I paid $9.00 for a burrito! The only good thing about this place is that it looks cute.
Whenever my co-workers and I get a chance to be near Backyard Taco, we make sure to make a stop at this place! I love the grilled veggies and their Carne Asada street tacos are great and flavorful.
&#34;I prefer my Mexican food to have a little bit of an animal that suffered a little bit. That&#39;s some of the best food.&#34; ― George LopezBrace yourself for fierce mesquite meats.  It&#39;s like having coal-cooked meat kick you in your mouthpants.The smell of meat cooking over coals... oh man!  So first things first, be careful and conservative when using the red sauce because it is hot!  Secondly, get the al pastor tacos.  I always base my taco reviews on how the al pastor is because any time I can get my taco with some pineapple, I&#39;m a happy girl.  Even though I was sniffling and crying from being too liberal with the red sauce, the avocado crema and horchata not cooling down the blazing inferno in my mouth whatsoever, it was so dang tasty.  You can taste the marinade and smokiness even through the heat from the sauce.  Get it on the corn tortillas!  I also got the carne asada, on a flour tortilla, which I&#39;m not mad about.  It was salted heavily and a tad on the drier side so when I come back to BYT, I&#39;ll probably get all tacos al pastor.  I also got a bean and cheese tostata to share with my friend just so we can try their beans.  They&#39;re were creamy and flavorful!  I like how they put the cheese right on the grill and topped it with beans and another sprinkling of cheese.  BYT is amazing!  It&#39;s probably my favorite place now for tacos.  Parking and seating can be a bit challenging at this location so try popping in at the off-peak times.
Pretty good tacos here! I&#39;d definitely come back. The ambiance is nice and the space isn&#39;t huge so it&#39;s a nice place to go with a small group. Oh and the price is super super reasonable!Coming from San Diego, I&#39;m pretty particular about my Mexican food. After trying all the tacos, I&#39;d say I liked the Carne asada then chicken, and birria in that order. The star of the show for me was the Carne asada tostada!!!! I&#39;m excited to come back and try the rest of the menu, but the tostada may be in my order to stay!
OMG, I knew that there&#39;d be some bomb Mexican good in Arizona, but Backyard Taco just took it to a whole new level. LEGIT.We received this recommendation from one of our bartenders over on Roosevelt as we were exploring Phoenix. Fortunately, my friend lives in Mesa, so we made a pit-stop to grab what our bartender called &#34;the best tacos ever.&#34;She was right. Oh damn, was she ever right.Backyard was absolutely fantastic. You walk in, place an order, and wait for your number to be called. From tacos to gorditas, there were plenty of options and lots of sizzling meat grilling right before your eyes. We both opted for carne asada on everything, and I added another pollo tostada to complete my meal. As you wait, you go and take over the sauce bar and fill your small containers with all the salsa, guac, or gallo you&#39;d want.Oh, and a Check-In on Yelp snags you complimentary chips and salsa.Twenty minutes later when we got home with our food and Coronas, we took our first few bites of taco heaven. Mmm... the carne asada was grilled to perfection, and the flavors blended so well with all of the condiments and salsas on top. My pollo tostada was also fantastic. The chicken was tender and was packed with spices.As for those chips we got? Light and crispy! The salsa that came with it held out on its own. Amazing and delicious.Our only regret was not ordering more. Everything was so good and affordable that we could&#39;ve easily gotten five more tacos each. But alas, having it every so often will help me keep my high each time I go and enjoy this amazing place.Highly recommend for anyone visiting Phoenix and locals alike.
The service here is alway excellent! Today Edwin took good care of my order. I had a bit of a complicated order with 3 carne Assad&#39;s burritos. I had a substitution with grilled onions instead of raw onions and other stuff. All tasted excellent as usual. Thanks Edwin!
I&#39;ve been going here since HS cause it was so close to my house. I wish they close a little later on the weekends because i crave it at the most inconvenient times. The baked potato is a game changer. I always find myself getting really indecisive when going here. They have carne asada, pollo, shredded beef, al pastor. So many choices to choose from and I end up getting one of each. The quesadillas here are super good, I highly recommend getting the horchata as a drink!
I think the place is over-hyped. The tacos are reasonable, however the crazy potato was not definitely worth the hype. Also the portions are so small that we left hungry.
Been eating their food when it was really in a backyard behind M&amp;M and the fire station *kneeslap!*I am a regular at this restraunt. Best tacos in the valley! HANDS DOWN!Simple menu, fair pricing on the food, clean welcoming feeling at the restraunt.Absolutely good food and service.Only one problem about this place. It needs to find a bigger location to fit all the customers that go there.
Decent tacos,  nothing special.  I&#39;ve tried everything on the menu.  Price is right,  food is consistently solid.  Service friendly.  But I have no Idea why they have lines. Surprisingly I enjoyed the chicken more than the carne asada.  The salsa is good.  Stick to the tacos I wouldn&#39;t go for other things on limited menu.  I do applaud them for the limited menu, they have their niche and stick to it.
IM A FANWhen there is still a line for tacos on a Thursday night at 9pm, I think that&#39;s a good sign. Its literally the size of a small house and the parking lot is the size of their side and backyard. I&#39;m sure if I came during prime time, there would be no parking. We ordered an array of different tacos all which were A M A Z I N G. They had good sized salsa bar with an array of different types of salsa and cucumbers, red onions, and other sides. Horchata was bomb. There is limited indoor and outdoor seating. So if there is a long line, you&#39;ll probably have to take it to go. Service is fast and friendly. I can&#39;t wait till I go back!Environment: 4/5Food: 5/5Price: 4/5Service: 5/5
My fiancé and I have loved Backyard Taco for the past four years. We have had almost everything on their menu and have never he anything that we didn&#39;t enjoy. Their tacos are delicious and have their perfect amount of filling. Their carne asada and chicken/pollo are our favorites. We also enjoy their gorditas and burritos. I am also very specific on beans and their creaminess and Backyard taco has perfect retried beans. Another huge staple is their salsa bar. I&#39;ve not met anyone who doesn&#39;t enjoy their avocado salsa, it&#39;s creamy and mild. I love their spicy orange salsa and their verde and red salsa are wonderful as well. Their prices are more than reasonable and their service is quick and efficient. Although we have moved out of state, we consistently visit when in town.
Totally earned their award for Best Taco Mesa for the last several years in a row. Right as you walk in, this fabulous aroma hits you in the face. The food is delicious. Highly recommend the carne asada quesadilla and any of the tacos. Seating inside is a bit limited inside but there is plenty outdoors and several misters to keep it cool and enjoyable. Keeping it on my list.
Long lines are worth the wait. The food is amazing. The thing to get us definitely the carne asada papa loca. It&#39;s one of the most amazing things I&#39;ve eaten.
Awesome tacos best in Arizona hands down. I had the carne asada tacos, the quesadilla and a vampiro. Quesadilla was least favorite of all 3 due to tortilla tasting like store bought instead of homemade. We will definitely be back every weekTo this establishment. Highly recommend the vampiro
I hear a lot of great things about Backyard Taco so I had to try it out for myself. It&#39;s a busy taco shop with both indoor and outdoor seating - so don&#39;t be surprised when there are flies flying around your table inside as well. You can see them cooking your food and grilling your meats behind the counter. There&#39;s also a self serve salsa bar to the right of the line. What I really came for was the Crazy Potato al pastor. I tried some when my brother brought one home the other week and it was delicious! Spoon full of meat, potato, and cilantro. Well, when I had it for myself, I quickly found that the cup didn&#39;t give me the portions I was looking for. It came with plenty of potato and cilantro but not enough meat to last evenly. Good idea though! Loaded potato in other words. We also ordered one of each taco. In my opinion, I&#39;ve had better carne. However I am a fan of their pastor. Tip: check into Yelp for a free side of chips and salsa.
Delicious!! The first/best advice is eat here more then 1x a week!! Great salsa bar!! The second/great advice is but the family dinner special or larger.  Of course depending on how many people in your party.. It&#39;s a great deal!! And great left overs.
Great find in Mesa today.  Husband loved the Carne  Asada burrito - kids gave the tacos two thumbs up!  We will come back.
Check them out, We stopped in for a late night snack, the menu is simple and straight to the point. We grabbed a couple of Carne Asada and Chicken tacos to go and both hit the spot. Flavorful and fresh tasting.
Super delicious!!! I got the Carne Asada tacos and enjoyed the different salsas. Good flavor and would definitely come back! And the environment was clean and loved the upbeat music
This place is amazing! It&#39;s got great Authentic Mexican food that never disappoints. However, their customer service is not that great. After the person in front me ordered their, I was waiting to be called up. The girl at the register made eye contact then looked back down. So, I just approached the register and while she was taking my order she was chatting with another co-worker and doing something on her phone. If it wasn&#39;t for the food I wouldn&#39;t go back.
Ok,  so if you&#39;re a stuffed shirt who is worried about how many beans are in a calorie ... please go away so the rest of us can enjoy this hidden gem!  This place is not fancy, just good. Sit inside or out for a friendly, cozy atmosphere. I am a lover of carne asada. Congrats Backyard Taco, you nailed it! The corn tortilla carne asada taco is where it&#39;s at. The salsa bar is filled with awesomeness. I will be back!
Literally one of the best tacos I&#39;ve ever had in Arizona. This place is a gem!
Great tasting Mexican food! I love how fresh everything tastes. This nice little place is great to eat at or take out. It has that authentic atmosphere and it is very decent. Love the steak and chicken tacos. Has a lot of flavor!
Love, love it. We have been back so many times. My husband loves this place and even dreams about it. Carne asada tacos are so good. I love the cucumbers and the guacamole. Have not tried the burritos yet. You know the food is awesome if you see a diversity of people there. There can be a bit of wait but it&#39;s worth it.
Amazing lovely atmosphere. Wonderful food. A go to place. Treat yourself. Be prepared to stand in line but it&#39;s worth it.
This place is very delicious!! Everything from their tacos to burritos you can&#39;t go wrong with any you order. The portions were good one to two people but you&#39;ll definitely want a plate to yourself. I would come back and enjoy a relaxing night with friends especially with their awesome vibe!!
Amazing food and great customer service. Good drinks and al pastor and carne Assad&#39;s tacos taste amazing.
Really good tacos. The only complaint is a little dry. The salsa helped a little bit. The place was busy and staff friendly. I would go back but wouldn&#39;t go out of my way. I gave them 3 jalapeños...
I LOVE this place. However, the numerous times I have been there, I have yet to experience &#34;good customer service&#34;. I&#39;m never acknowledged or greeted when I come in. I understand when it&#39;s busy and the line is out the door. But when I approach the counter I don&#39;t even get a &#34;hello&#34;. The girls that work there are always extremely rude. They walk away when you approach the counter and they chit chat right in front of the register while you&#39;re standing there waiting for them to acknowledge you..Also, the salsa bar is an issue. Your customers already have to stand in line for a congested salsa bar... but when it&#39;s busy the staff cuts in and starts cleaning up the salsa bar!! Every time! C&#39;mon guys!!!
Loved the place. Froze my ass off dining outside as the indoor seating is limited. Although the Carne Asada street tacos were great, too much onion was a little over bearing so I will leave them off next time. We will be going back in the future.
Best taco in Mesa. The quesadilla was on point and great atmosphere. The parking lot is a little to small so it will be hard to find a spot on a busy day
I just went here last night for the first time. So impressed! It&#39;s so authentic and looks clean and delicious. The service was nice and efficient. They answered all my questions about the menu(I have quite a few). I ordered the Crazy potato and my boyfriend got the steak quesadilla and a steak taco. The crazy potato came with a choice of meat, I chose carne Asada. It was nothing like anything I have had before. Me and my boyfriend agreed, So delicious! 10/10 recommend coming for that potato because it is Unique and so damn good.BUT I have to say I feel it is a little expensive for the burritos cause they are really just meat but that&#39;s just me. Over all go try the Crazy Potato!
If I was a taco... Ok, I suppose I could finish that sentence in so so SO many ways (some good and some maybe not-so-good)... but for this review, it&#39;s going to be good.  If I was a taco, then I&#39;d want to be an asada taco from Backyard Taco!  Super delish!  I have actually tried all of their different tacos and you really can&#39;t go wrong with any of them (depending on your craving when you visit).  And the chips are a must-order menu item as well... because their salsa bar is what salsa dreams are made of (at least I have heard this from people who have salsa dreams... but my dreams are of tacos).Relatively quick service, even at their busiest of times.  You&#39;re likely going to be eating outside, so be prepared... but they do have plenty of covered outdoor seating to choose from!  In the Valley (i.e. the valley of taco restaurants), Backyard Taco is on its way toward achieving &#34;institution&#34; status.  It is always a treat for me to visit!*****FIVE STARS*****
The only place in Mesa that serves the best fried gorditas de al pastor. So glad I found this gem.
One of my favorite taco shops in the Mesa,Az area. Great portion sizes, and everything is very scrumptious! Besides eating about 6 Carne Asada tacos to myself with a large Horchata (1.79$ taco tuesdays! ), you should defiantly check out the Crazy Potato!
Best tacos in Mesa. (Seriously, they&#39;ve been voted best tacos 3 years in a row!) Family owned and operated, they&#39;ve come a long way from LITERALLY serving tacos from their backyard. Service is CRAZY fast,  and the food is consistently delicious. Where&#39;s my maracas?! They have a salsa bar that will satisfy your spicy tooth: pico de gallo, red/green salsa, aguacate, cucumbers, and lime. *Mouth waters* Pastor and carne asada steak tacos are my go to, and I always get it on a flour tortilla. The horchata drink is so good (horchata=rice milk with cinnamon and sugar, if you don&#39;t know YOU BETTA ASK SOMEBODY!) They also prove their authenticity with ice cold Coke in a bottle, because there&#39;s just something different about the taste of bottled Coke that goes perfect with tacos. The set up is cute, trendy, and lots of seating. Even in the AZ heat, seating under the covered patio with misters is actually tolerable.This place can get very busy, crowded, but the line moves fast. Parking lot is small and can get tight, so try to carpool! Check in on Yelp, and get a free order of chips and salsa. ORALE!
So good!! Great prices . I haven&#39;t found many other places where I rather spend my money for some tacos.
Everyone likes this but Filbertos is better. Yes. easy on the wallet but compared to Filibertos this place is still second. The workers here are great the name well it says it all. Food you can make in a backyard. Old world Spanish Mex charm and easy on the pesos Amigo.
Ordered a carne asado burro and a pollo asado burro to go.  Get home and the burros have beans and very little meat.  Not happy was excited to have asado.  I have never heard of asado burros with beans.  If I had wanted beans I would have ordered a bean burro!  Did you run out of meat or what?  Dont think I will be going back!
Life is better with burritosI&#39;m glad this place is not too far from my house. The burritos are enormousTaste? Delicious, spicy, juicy beef (ordered a carne asada). Can&#39;t ask for more. Plus there is an unlimited salad bar. Funny how some lady brought her own container to get these condimentsPrice? A little bit pricey for a burrito but it is huge with lots of meat. Plus they grill these beef on charcoal. The horchata is cheap tbh. $3 for a LService? Fast food restaurant, fast service. Great overall
Delicious Mexican food in my neighborhood!! I had the chicken burrito which was huge and full of deliciousness. The restaurant has an outdoor patio and some nice seating inside. Very clean and the staff was friendly. Love!!
This will now be my go to taco shop. Al pastor tacos were on point. The pork was marinated to perfection. Every bite just stimulated my taste buds. YUM! I HIGHLY recommend the crazy potato. That was delicious AF. The potato was soft and melted in your mouth. This place is bar far one of the best in Mesa.
Backyard Taco is the spot!! Amazing tacos!! Every time I&#39;ve been here there is a huge line, well worth the wait. Steak or chicken tacos, you cannot go wrong!!! Very flavorful. Worth what you paid. Love this place!!
I went to Backyard Taco today with my wife and nephew.  Mind you, my nephew does not care much for Mexican style food.  All of us found the food to be quite good for the price.  It is a very casual place, but the food is of good quality.  I had a gordita with chicken and a taco with carne asada.  My wife got a tostada and a taco, both with Chicken.  My nephew got two tacos with carne asada.  He actually liked it.  Afterwards, we decided to enjoy some flan, which was also good.  The place is quite busy.  We would definitely go back if we are looking for an affordable place to eat Mexican.  Usually with places like this the food is greasy, however, not here.  It was not greasy, and it was not salty.
Love this place.  Have great street tacos and my friend always gets the baked potato from there!
Came on new years eve with a friend to wrap up 2019. I got 2 pastor tacos and 1 chicken and they were good. I loved the self serve sauce bar and the different salsas were all delicious.  I was particularly impressed that there was pineapple with the pastor.  There were however some larger chucks of fat in the meats. Overall I think it was a good final taco Tuesday of the last century.
First time visiting this place at the insistence of one of my taco-loving friends. It was also nice being treated to free tacos as a late birthday gift (can&#39;t say no to free tacos)! Ordered the al pastor, carne asada, and birria (shredded beef) taco with all the stuffings (onions, cilantro, lime, etc.)The meats were very tender and flavorful on a nice warm bed of corn tortillas. The hot salsa was definitely a favorite of mine since I don&#39;t often find a spicy salsa with a solid kick to it. I still need to try their other menu items but for now, the taco selection was superb. Great street tacos for anyone looking for an authentic flair.
I&#39;ve also tried their quesadilla with Birria and I inhaled it! I now have a craving to eat there again!
Good food, fast service, good salsa bar, and a decent variety of foods (tacos, burritos, tostadas, quesadillas, and gorditas) - you really can&#39;t complain about that! Prices are a little steeper than I would like but from the looks of it, it seemed like a lunch crowd favorite with most coming in to place an order to-go during the weekday lunch hour. The place is a little small but if you don&#39;t mind patio seating (or if the weather permits), you&#39;re golden. It&#39;s good food, don&#39;t get me wrong, but doesn&#39;t quite dethrone my go-to, Taquitos Jalisco, in my mind. A very strong contender, nonetheless!
Definitely feasted. I love the variety of their menu from quesadillas to tacos to burritos, it&#39;s amazing! I love love love squeezing lime juice on everything so it&#39;s nice that they have a place I can grab unlimited limes from. The aesthetic of this place is so cute, open, and has plenty of seating to accommodate a large quantity of people. Definitely a go-to for your taco Tuesday extravaganza with $1.95 tacos!
Worth trying all four tacos if this is your first time.  The service and ambiance was good, eating area was clean.  Would recommend and plan to go back on next visit.  Birria was my favorite.
The tacos are okay....the crazy potato is the real star here in my opinion. It comes out piping hot so dont dig in right away.  If it&#39;s your first time bring cash.
The absolute best tacos in the Phoenix metro, and I&#39;ve been to many! I love their style of grilling, which is slow chargrilled over mesquite wood. When its finished they store the meet properly so it doesn&#39;t get soggy and overcooked.Tacos are the best, the potato (mashed potatoes with your choice of meat) comes in second, then the burrito. All meats are good, but the al pastor is lacking and not the best in town (also a new selection to their menu). Carne asada and chicken are both very tender, moist and savory, with a good outer seared crust. The Birria is 100% moist and finely shredded - no dry bits at all - and is extremely FLAVORFUL. You have the option of flour or corn tortilla, but I always go corn on tacos. The staff are very accommodating as I only like single shells rather than 2. I love that these tacos are not oily, but still pack amazing flavors. You can request complementary grilled jalapeños and onions (a must for me).There is a salsa and condiment bar for all of your needs. Not the most flavorful salsas, but it&#39;s perfect to compliment their food. I just hate where it&#39;s located, because functionally, it seems inefficient (especially when the restaurant is full, which happens all too often).Lunch is usually pretty packed and weekend nights get packed as well. Parking lot is really small but you can park around the neighborhood and the nearby venue&#39;s parking lot.Horchata tastes good as well.
Taco Bell. (No. I&#39;m not comparing this place to Taco Bell. I wouldn&#39;t do that. This wouldn&#39;t be a five star review if I did something that stupid.)It was a Friday night and my wife and kids wanted Taco Bell. No, they&#39;re not classy people. In the interest of finding a Taco Bell worthy of my hard earned dollars, I searched for the Taco Bell with the highest rating in the Mesa area. In a most serendipitous of circumstances, Yelp provided me with a listing for Backyard Taco.Five stars and over 1000 reviews. I had to try it.I opted for a carne asada taco, al pastor taco, carne asada quesadilla, and an al pastor quesadilla. I am not exaggerating when I say that my love for Backyard Taco grew exponentially with each bite I took of these delicious tacos and quesadillas. The carne asada had the right amount of texture and flavor. Backyard Taco did not disappoint. Sure, the line to order was 20 people deep at 5:45pm on a Friday, but that only added to my anticipation. Also, being able to look past the registers and see the carne asade being grilled before my eyes and watching the al pastor spin on a spit is a nice touch. If you want street tacos and stuffed quesadillas, do yourself a favor. Don&#39;t go to Taco Bell.P.S. In my excitement of eating at Backyard Taco, I forgot to buy my family dinner. I had to run through a Taco Bell drive thru on my way home. BACKYARD TACO IS SO GOOD IT MADE ME FORGET ABOUT MY FAMILY.
Nothing is better than to eat something that reminds you of your culture. The food is amazing, one of my favorites is the crazy potato, they should call it heaven potato, because that&#39;s how you feel having one of those. Highly recommend it!!
Typically I don&#39;t like chain places, but this place has exceptional food. You can see the food being cooked while you order so you know it&#39;s fresh. Also like the choices of salsa. Price is very reasonable.
Amazing tacos! They give you so much meat in your tacos and they have excellent flavor. A winner for the adults and the kids in the family. I also loved their salsa bar! We found our new family dinner spot.
I&#39;ve had better tacos in Phoenix but this is probably one of the better taco shops in the area. My carne taco was a bit on the dry side and could have used more sauce.
I hate myself sometimes when trying a new taco place, I tend to claim &#34;this is my new favorite.&#34;  I guess I need to develop a new rigorous grading scale when trying new taco joints.  Maybe its some underlying factors that triggers my favoritism towards new places? Who knows.Just before entering the shop, I saw crowds sitting outside gleefully chomping away.  Peeping through the window were &#34;hangry&#34; folks waiting to order.  These clues made it obvious that I came to the right place.Once I entered the building, there was a frenzy of people getting their food and grabbing utensils and sauces.  Luckily the line wasn&#39;t intolerable that my stomach would throw a fit.  The smell of grilled meat only salivated the hunger even more.The menu isn&#39;t so big but it offers plenty to satisfy your faux Mexican taste buds.  Of course I had to get the tacos as a first timer.  I went for the usual Carne Asada and the Birria (recommended by the staff).  While the Carne Asada tacos were cooked and tasted perfectly, I now favor the Birria.  To describe it, its got a nice crunchy texture with some deep flavors.  But you have to complement it with its fire hot sauce.  Boy did it burn.  I like a burn like this every now and then.You have to wash it down with either a Mexican Coke and something really sweet to counter the burn.If this review doesn&#39;t scream at you, then surely the number of stars will.
Favorite taco place ever! The papas locas are also amazing! Tuesdays are a bit crazy, but the discounted tacos are so worth it!
This is by far the best tacos in all of Arizona. Quite possibly the best tacos in the entire Southwest. They&#39;re always packed always busy.
At first bite I felt like I was in Mexico again. Carne asada is great. Also had Vampiro with Birria and that is my new addiction... the quesadillas are great and all the options at the salsa bar are amazing. Can&#39;t wait to make excuse to drive to a Mesa from the West side to eat another Carne Asada Taco!
My boyfriend told me about this place and we went there for treat since the tacos here do tend to be a little more on the expensive side.  I was extremely pleased with the flavor of the tacos, and the atmosphere was nice too.  They have an inviting patio and an amazing salsa bar- always a plus in my opinion!
Best tacos in the valley, brings me back to Mexico :) highly recommend at least going here and trying a few tacos with a Coca-Cola
A simple, clean taco place that you can take family and friends to.  The food is fine and the staff is nice.The reviewer (M.S) that said the music is too loud is sadly mistaken; this is NOT a loud place at all.  There is an outdoor patio and it&#39;s entertaining to watch the people not know what number is on their ticket..it&#39;s used to pick up your food dummy.
This a hidden gem!!! I am so happy to have found this place for everything in the menu are amazing and very affordable!! You can tell that the ingredients are fresh and everything taste homemade. The customer service is good too, food comes out in a timely, efficient manner. I guess the only downside to this place is the lack of parking space. However, my friends and I can definitely overlook that for the AMAZING food!
I&#39;ve come here numerous times and although the food is really good, the employees lack customer service skills.  They have forgotten my order on several occasions and always forget my drink so I have to wait until someone comes over to pour it.The chicken is wonderful and very tasty, I love the chicken tacos and burritos, although I do occasionally find bones in the meat.  The carne asada is good as well and sometimes it is overcooked but I still like it.  During the lunch and dinner hours it is extremely busy and with the place being very small, it&#39;s tough to fins a place to sit down sometimes.  The best thing about this place is the prices, they are very reasonably priced.
What a fantastic little restaurant. Very tasty food. Great salsa. We loved everything we bought. Fair prices too!
The moment you enter Lindo Michoacán you will feel a unique authentic vibe about the restaurant. From the traditional Mexican clothing, warm and lively ambience, to its vast cultural décor, dining in will make you feel like you&#39;re in Mexico. The restaurant gets very busy around lunch. There is limited parking space. Fortunately when I got there, a car was leaving so I didn&#39;t have to wait. They greet you at the entrance and you are seated right away. The menu is quite extensive, they have so many entrée options for chicken, beef, pork, seafood, vegetarian and soup, and they make specialty drinks and offer tasty desserts.For starter, they serve you with complimentary tortilla chips, salsa, and bean dip. The homemade tortilla chips taste fresh. I love the mild smokey spiciness of the salsa, and the bean dip is serve warm and creamy. I went for Apatzingan and chose two Chicken Enchiladas ($13.25), it comes with Spanish Rice, Refried Beans, Guacamole, and I requested for Pico De Gallo and Avocado Slice. I really like my meal, the food is so flavorful especially when adding more of the smokey red salsa. The entree comes with Fideo Soup, which is a tomato based soup with chicken broth and Fideo Noodles. It&#39;s delicious! For dessert I tried the Lindo Flameado ($8.25) which is a flaming fried vanilla ice cream ball coated with crush cereal and serve with sweet caramelize banana. When it arrive to my table, the dessert is literally on fire. I attempt to try eating it while it&#39;s on flame and then one of the server glance toward me giving me the signal to blow out the fire first. Well that makes a lot more sense. My first attempt blowing out the fire didn&#39;t work, it came right back. It took me three times to make sure the fire was out, and by that time the bottom of the Fried Ice Cream Ball is already charred. I think this particular dessert is entertaining to look at, but it is a lot to eat for one person. If you do decide to order this, make sure you have someone to share it with. Overall I feel the dining experience is good and the service is quick and efficient. What&#39;s more enjoyable is when they gather around you and you start hearing them sing a Happy Birthday Song, they will make you feel truly special.
The service was great! They serve you fresh beans, salsa, and chips as an appetizer when you sit down. You can even ask for more beans, chips, and salsa. Which we did! My mother ordered a carne asada medium rare, it was very dry and hard to eat so then she told the waiter about it. They are very understanding and cooked her another carne asada with new sides, they didn&#39;t just give her another piece of steak. It was way better than the other a lot more tender and soft. I on the other hand ordered a carne asada burrito. It was amazing and the meat was juicy and tasty. The size of the meals are pretty good for one person. Everyone was nice and polite as we entered and left.
I believe this is the same place that my family and I went to...it just looks different..but I heard they went under construction because of a fire...so let&#39;s pretend like it is:I went to this restaurant because my family and I were visiting Las Vegas as we normally do during major holidays..Thanksgiving 2007 was no exception...however, this weekend was different because we vowed to stay off the strip and find &#34;local&#34; restaurants to try. After a search of the best Mexican restaurants in Vegas this was the first listing that caught our attention...mainly because it was voted by the people of Las Vegas...well that&#39;s what the local Vegas newspaper said...anyway lets move onto the review (caveat:  I&#39;m a Mexican food lover trapped in a Filipino American girl&#39;s body...i LOVE Mexican food):chips, salsa and bean dip = excellent.  If you have self control problems probably not a good idea to eat the freshly made chips and salsa because you won&#39;t stop even after your main dish has arrived..they&#39;re that delicious...margaritas - there was not a single table (w/ the exception of ours) that did not have a margarita on the rocks..it&#39;s a family style restaurant and these families love their margaritas!Carnitas (this is what I ordered...i don&#39;t even know what the rest of my family had I was distracted by the yumminess of my own food) -  Lean pork marinated with fresh oranges and spices. Slowly cooked in its own juices until tender. The state of Michoacan is known for the best carnitas in all Mexico. Served with chiles toreados, green sauce and guacamole. the meat fell right off the bone...Overall, I would definitely recommend this place..unless, you&#39;re in a hurry to eat...this place was super busy (probably a testament to their food) so the wait was a little longer than usual.  Other than that this place is what Mexican food should be.
Loved it. Service can be a bit slow, but they&#39;re always busy. The gallo cognac is my absolute fave. Will continue to visit here when I&#39;m in town. Excellent food and fun atmosphere.
Everyone was so friendly and the food was delicious! They give you chips and salsa with refried beans and a little bowl of this amazing soup. All for free before you even get your meal. Will definitely be coming back here next time I&#39;m in Vegas :)
Thank you Yelp Las Vegas for the recommendation. Showed up here after a day of walking and shopping and I have to say Julio, our waiter, is fantastic and made the experience a memorable one by making recommendations for my party; who are a bunch of newbies to Mexican food. The service was pretty attentive with our drinks being refilled and empty plates being whisked away without us asking or noticing. I orders the garlic shrimp; which was pretty good, bf ordered something chicken salitas (?); the other two in our party orders a chipotle chicken and carnitas. The carnitas were probably the winner, but not by much.  The menu is a bit confusing, so if you get Julio ask him for help navigating the menu.  Do it. The table-side guacamole is pretty fresh and tasty too. It is worth the drive off-strip.
The Mexican spot to eat in Vegas.  Can&#39;t go wrong with Fajitas. Steaming and Sizzling to order.
I enjoyed this restaurant very much. It&#39;s advisable to make reservation as this restaurant can get really packed. The parking lot is not that big and additional parking is on the street. The view is amazing if you are seated close or near the window. I  the chips, salsa and warm bean dip that is served at your table. I ordered the Steak Ranchero, which was served with Sopa De Fideo and rice. Overall: atmosphere, energy and food is very vibrant and tasty
Hands down Best Traditional Mexican Food in town...Highly recommened.Can be pricey taking the whole familia...&amp; you know mexicans..grandma, tia, tio by the time everyone orders your starving..not to long before they bring you a small bowl of fideo (soup). Fresh tortillas, cold corona, sizzleing fajitas...wow, im probably gonna go after work.
My favorite Mexican food hookup in Las Vegas.  The food is delicious and very flavorful.  This is my fifth visit here and I am always very satisfied when I leave.  They always seat you quickly and they are so happy to see you.  We ordered guacamole with habanero chili it was so hot and delicious.   Today I had the chili verde. The pork was tender and juicy.  My honey had the chicken mole poblano it was very good.  My brother from another mother had a delicious cilantro steak.  Everything was great.  A must come see taste and drink place to be in Vegas!! Thank you Javier &amp; Alex for great service and Luis you have a great team. I&#39;m sure because you are an awesome manager.  I love it here we will definitely return!!  **** Location a little off the beaten path.  ***** Food ****** Service *****. Ambiance
love this place.. excellent service amazing food and the preparadas amaziing!! by far our favorite place to eat #familyfriendly
Stop by this place on a Saturday night.  The place was nice, the atmosphere was good, and our waiter was on top of our refills.  The bad, our waiter took our order but forgot to place it to the cook, so it took about 20mim to finally get our food.  When our food finally came out, my plate was totally the wrong plate.  At this point the waiter and manager offer to get me what I had order but I did not feel like waiting another 10-20 min for the plate I had originally order.  I would try it again but this night I left very disappointed that I did not get the food I order.
Scrumptious, well made Tex-mex in a fun and quirky environment with good service. What more could you ask for!? Happy hour is 3-5 and features 1/2 off beer and margaritas. That&#39;s ALL the beer and ANY of the margaritas, not just certain ones. Which makes that a great happy hour. I had a Cadillac margarita which was strong and so yummy! They have an option for fresh table made guacamole which is fantastic! I recommend getting that at least once to compliment the complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip. The fajitas were well made, but slightly bland. The atmosphere was fun and well decorated. The restaurant is much bigger on the inside, (Dr. Who fans will appreciate) which accounts for the enormous parking lot that seems excessive at first, but is completely understandable once you walk in. The servers are all in authentic looking garb which is fun and festive. Our water glasses were always full, chips were refilled without asking, and the service was prompt and attentive. Bonus: Come for your birthday and get a tequila shot!
So good I&#39;m posting this review while eating. I&#39;m so stuffed and satisfied. This place is a real gem in this community. Definitely my new spot.
Absolutely love this restaurant!!! Our good friends Pedro and Vanessa introduced us to this restaurant three Vegas trips ago. They said it was tradition for them to stop by on each Vegas trip. It&#39;s now become my tradition too. We stop in the last morning of each trip. I&#39;m from the hospitality industry and I have to say I&#39;ve NEVER been to a restaurant with such warm, inviting, and natural hospitality before. Everyone there seems so happy to be at work and so happy to great you. Everyone greets you as you pass them, not just your waiter but management and other servers stop by you table to check on you constantly. The customer service is superb. Smiles everywhere and everyone willing to lend a helping hand. LINDOSAs good as the customer service is the food and drinks hold their own. From the delicious soup they bring you, to the chips w/ amazing beans, and all there great plates. The oysters are fresh without the nasty fishy taste. Tacos and flautus are crunchy and delicious. My wife loves there habanero sauce. Literally gets two containers to go every time. I&#39;m not a big fan of fruity drinks but their flavored margaritas are so good. I usually have the raspberry margaritas as my dessert / final drink. Everything here is fresh, authentic, and sssooo tasty. My mouth is literally watering just thinking about this place. Can&#39;t wait to get back to Vegas to turn up and cure my Hangover at
Decent Mexican food in a nice atmosphere in a convenient location...definitely have better Mexican at Ricardo&#39;s!
The service is friendly and makes you feel welcome from the time you enter the door. I am a big fan of this place and love the Camorones A&#39;la Diabla. The fajitas are nice too. Every plate is a huge portion that fills you up.
Originally, I was hesitant about going to eat here but I was so wrong. This place is amazing.  The staff was extremely friendly and the food was delicious.  They start you off with Chips, Salsa, and Bean Dip.  All three are very good.  Most of the menu items are around 20 bucks except for the Combinations page (gold mine).  The Combinations are delicious and huge. We had some deep fried ice cream, and it was the best deep fried ice cream I have eaten.  Their was a birthday in our party and they sang, gave us complementary churros, and a shot of tequila. Although this place was off the strip, I will definitely try to visit when I&#39;m in town.
Our favorite authentic Mexican restaurant. Sure the service isnt always the best, but food never disappoints!
The music was a bit too loud so it interrupted conversation and the wait was a little long. But the customer service was exceptional and fast. They always made sure everything was good at the table and that we had everything we needed. Another note is that the food wasn&#39;t amazing but it was okay.
Overpriced Mexican food... I&#39;ve been to at least 3 of their restaurants thinking it was a &#34;location&#34; issue, but no!It is themed after Mexican border towns.  With bright/busy colors, and &#34;Adelitas&#34; dressed female staff... a look that is far from current Mexico. The food is geared more for bland palettes... A little better than a taco truck because it is served on an actual plate. But, the food quality isn&#39;t superior to warrant their premium menu pricing. Chevy&#39;s restaurant (although Tex-Mex) has a more authentic feel and taste!  I&#39;m rating 2 stars only because, they represent another option in town and the other for effort. They are known for their margaritas, but nothing you haven&#39;t had before in any Mexican resort. After going to 3 different locations of theirs (Including the one in Green Valley) this restaurant only gives their patrons a false a sense of status, but is lacking major points in food quality, service, food temperatures (SNHD) and overall experience of the place.   GM&#39;s take notes and hope you welcome constructive criticism to make your place a better option in town.
I&#39;m not sure if this is the convention center location, but my review is for that location. Despite a HUGE convention, there was a very short line at lunch time. The ladies behind the counter were super nice.The food... taste-wise I felt like I wasted calories. It filled the void, but didn&#39;t really satisfied the taste buds.Just meh.
Right up the place from the dealership I work at so I am surprised I&#39;ve never tried this place out before now!Great service and even better food! What&#39;s not to like?Cheese Enchiladas 4/5Queso Fundido with Chorizo 5/5Carne Asada 5/5Everything was good, made well, and pretty quick. We made it in and out on our hour lunch break with enough time to get back to work.
the food was pretty good, not as good as the twain/decatur location.. that&#39;s the only reason for the additional star.. the customer service was really, REALLY bad.. i didn&#39;t mind waiting for a table because it was indeed busy but the service i received once me &amp; my child was seated was horrible.. my waitor paid no attention to us whatsoever, we weren&#39;t checked on in over 30 minutes as i watched him check on all other tables near us, i never received my check that i asked for.. i just had to do my best at calculating and left money on the table.. i won&#39;t return to this location, i should&#39;ve stuck to the decatur location.!
It was my first time here. We came in right at the beginning of the lunch rush and I&#39;m quite impressed. We got greeted by everyone we walked by and the service was prompt. The food is amazing, unfortunately I was full from the complimentary chips, dip, and beans, to really enjoy my entrée. Oh well, I guess I don&#39;t have to worry about dinner later on. I will definitely be back!
Food was delicious, service was fantastic! Order the guacamole, they make it tableside and it is very refreshing! Also recommend trying the horchata, its delicious!
I&#39;d came here after work on a Friday with a group of people for I guess the happy hour. This place has awesome chip and salsa and bean dip. I got the virgin strawberry daiquiri. It was good. I don&#39;t know about the other drinks though. Seem liked people enjoyed them.
Excellent food, service and musica. I went in on a Friday night for dinner and it was a packed house. The food was super delicious. I ordered a carne asada burrito, which by the way was HUGE! The meat was so good, it was some good ol&#39; steak without the fat, which was awesome.If you&#39;re ever in Vegas and want some authentic Mexican food, try Lindo Michoacan. Only one con, the horchata is fake. I only drink REAL horchata but other than that, excellent.
Awesom place! This is gonna be my new spot every time I&#39;m coming to Vegas  plus I&#39;m from Michoacan Mexico!
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. My husband hates margaritas and he loves the mango margaritas!!! We are enjoying ceviche, table side fresh guac, beams, salsa, and we ordered. The portions are huge and I am excited to eat my leftovers. Yum! You won&#39;t be disappointed.
A friend of mine took me here because it was her favorite Mexican Restaurant. After meeting up with her and trying out the food, i can see why. And she&#39;s got great tasteI had the Camarones a la Diabla and she had Camarones Sarandeados.Despite mine being the spicy dish it wasn&#39;t all that spicy. It was more of a flavorful heat vice a mace to the face zomg heat. The sides were nice as well, beans were top notch and flavorful as well as home made. I picked my friend&#39;s left overs and the Camarones Sarandeados are simply amazing. VERY flavorful and complex almost layered in it&#39;s tasteOverall the service and food were top notch and i will definitely come back to this place to try out other things on the menu
Lindo Michoacan a Mexican restaurant that makes you speak hispanic to your best or try your best, when you are here your world transforms into Mexico, the moment you enter the door the distinctive smell of cilantro chili corn tortillas greet your appetite and palate, if you came in hungry? you will instantly feel deprived of food and your brain will tell you you are starving! the food is authentic and delicious. while you savor the food you can&#39;t miss the ambiance and the wall full of picture frames of people and places in Mexico, don&#39;t miss their Seviche de camaron, Enjoy it with the tortilla chips and you can say life has been good.
Awesome food. Great dine in atmosphere. Friendly service. This is authentic and a must if you can get off the strip. I got the carne asada burrito. Delicious.
i would give 10 stars!!, SO delicious!, i brought my uncles, they were in town, from Florida, they were expecting me to take them to a nice place, to have a good lunch and i always heard about this restaurant but i never tried it before, it was my best first time trying it, beautiful place, a lot of parking, delicious food, beautiful waitresses!
Went here after a trade show for some company encouragement dinner; place is hella packed with people on a weekday.  THIS PLACE IS THE BOMB.  If you want authentic, gourmet, mexican sit in dining, this is the joint to be.  All of their meat is juicy, their refried beans are perfectly cooked with just the right amount of cheese, fresh salsa refilled at every minute, excellent and attentive service and their dessert, oh god their dessert is just ludicrously rich and sweet.  Great place to take clients out!
So, I waited for about a week to write this review and this is why.It was my best friend&#39;s graduation and to celebrate we went to this location, it was my first time and she highly recommended it. I ordered the Mole Pablano and the Chile Relleno, both were very good. I have not tried any mole dishes before but since this is, as what the others described it as &#34;authentic,&#34; I guess it was not a bad place to try my first mole. With the live music and Mexican decoration, and the sporadic &#34;birthday&#34; or &#34;congratulatory&#34; chants, gives this restaurant a unique Mexican experience that I have not yet experience. But let&#39;s get down to why I am giving Lindo Michoacan &#34;3-stars.&#34; Although I value the quality of food very highly, I also value service. It was a busy weekend, but I can&#39;t really say whether or not it is a &#34;normal&#34; weekend for them. We had a big group, a part of about 20, and we had one waiter. I was one of the last guests to arrive and the waiter was getting everyone&#39;s drinks, I had a slight hesitation when he asked me and before I know it, he already was on the next guest. He also kept going back to me asking me, very sternly, if I was ready to order, wanting me to make a decision. After the third time, I said I was ready, but mind you, he wasn&#39;t really taking any order, he just wanted to know if we were ready. At this point, I was already peeved. And, he also managed to annoy half of our party. One of our party had a specific order and this was repeated 3x, twice in English and once in Spanish. When his order came, he was surprised that it was wrong. He pointed this out to our server and our server told him they can scoop it out for him or hand him a spoon to do it himself. After some deliberation, he gave the plate back and said he does not want the food anymore. At this point, the server called him an &#34;a-hole&#34; in Spanish, NOT KNOWING HE IS FLUENT IN SPANISH! The manager was called and talked to our friend and only then when this server came over to &#34;personally apologize.&#34; I do not believe it was sincere at all since he only have done so since he got caught! There was no compensation, that I was aware of the same server kept serving us. I was not happy about his service and wished we did not leave any tip/gratuity towards him. I would have left it to the bus boys. Big question, will I go back? I would only go back if a friend, who also speaks Spanish, wanted to go. Don&#39;t get me wrong, I guess this is an isolated incident and the other staff are welcoming.
Great service, great prices, and awesome food. Handmade tortillas are bomb!! Being from phoenix and favoring the more &#34;hole in the wall&#34; authentic Mexican food, this place was a highlight of our Vegas trip. Real quick off the 515 too. Great tasting food and tons of choices!!
Amazing authentic style food that is as close to Cali Mexican food you are going to get while in Vegas! Was totally having withdrawals until we found this place! Now it is my guilty pleasure when dieting is not on my mind! Going here for a birthday is super fun too because they put this sombrero on the birthday person and make them take a shot while singing and playing musical instruments! Everything happens so fast it almost is like a funny mariachi dream! Love love love their deep fried hard-shelled tacos and enchiladas.
This is absolutely THE best Mexican restaurant on earth! We shared between 4 friends. Carnitas, Beef Fajitas, and Bacon shrimp fajitas!Home made tortillas...soooo good!  It was pure bliss with a side order of fresh guacamole they made table side!! If you go to Vegas... a must stop!! Margaritas to wash it all down! :)
Took the hubby here for his birthday so that we could enjoy the lakeside view and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience! We both thought our food was fire and our son enjoyed watching the singers go back and forth for birthdays. Prior to our visit, I had told the hostess over the phone that it was his birthday night and she passed it along. Our waiter and singers waited until we were just about ready to go, then swarmed the table with music and a shot of tequila for the birthday boy! Great atmosphere, food and a scenic view
Ehhh. I&#39;ve had better mexican food at a tex-mex chain in the bay area. The chille relleno was bland, the tamales were dry and bland, and the carne asada taco i had tasted a little off. It was as if the carne asada was prepared hours before, and then put in a microwave to heat when i ordered it. The chips/salsa/beans they gave was pretty good though. A group of about 7 of us went to this place around 12p on friday and the service was less than stellar. Our waiter was kind of a moron, and he didn&#39;t seem to understand how to split checks, or write down our orders correctly. I&#39;ll stick to robertos/faustos/amigos/etc. I won&#39;t be back.
Excellent food - great service - Funky Pimp Juice I ate here over the weekend with the help my favorite Chowhounder (see: <a href="http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=4TByNfzySEQ0K9nglTaJzQ">yelp.com/user_details?us…</a> ) - Jim C..  He seems to find the gems with the help of the obscure tools of the chowhound site...Pros:  Awesome tasty foodGreat service - Noe Rocks!Live music (Friday night)Locals, locals, locals...Cons:weak margaritasHighly recommended!  For out-of-towners this is worth the drive or the cab-ride!more laters...
Great authentic Mexican  food...very fresh. They have awesome customer service. The chips they bring are warm and they bring beans and salsa for dipping! They didn&#39;t have the sauce for the shrimp I wanted so they gave us a free dessert! The entrees: my hubby got chile rellenos with shrimp...so good!!To my fellow out of towners, make the trip off the strip to come eat some authentic Mexican food...you won&#39;t be disappointed.
One of the best places for Mexican food. Place can be very busy especially on the weekends. Place is nice and decorated with typical south-of-the-Border items. staff was friendly. Service was good. The food is great, my favorite is till the rib eye with cilantro... perfectly cooked medium rare. Had the flan for dessert and it was delicious. Portions were big and can be shared. The menu is extensive with meat, chicken, seafood dishes. There is also a full bar. I consider their prices reasonable and will definitely come back.
This is the BEST Mexican joint in Vegas. The food is really good, service is cool and price is quite reasonable. The inside atmosphere and decoration is pretty cool too. Also, this place is ALWAYS crowded during lunchtime and dinner time. Finding a parking spot can be hard and a challenge during their peak time. DEFINITELY visit this place once if you&#39;re ever in Vegas and craving for some good Mexican food. However, it may take 15+ mins drive from the Strip area.
Good but not great. BUT its a solid place if your wanting Mexican food with variety! They charge extra for extra salsa and chips.I also received mediocre service. I had to ask the waiter 3x time to refill my water.
Located east of the strip - easy to find. Lots of locals go here. The atmosphere has lots of color / ceramic tiles all over. The margaritas are excellent with premium liquor choices as well, the menu variety is wide with excellent chicken, shrimp and beef dishes. I tried their Dulce de Leche cake and being a caramel fan, I thought I died and went to heaven. Their guacamole appetizer is made tableside just like a Caesar salad - and with your choice of seasonings/spices - that too was excellent.  Highly recommended - didn&#39;t need reservations surprisingly and the place holds a lot more than meets the eye. If in doubt, though, make a reservation.
i&#39;ve missed you LM.  finally went to vegas for vacay and was able to come here for dinner.  the parking lot was packed so that&#39;s a good sign that it&#39;s going to be good.  we were seated right away and i noticed the mariachi.  live music is always good.  our server was a little slow but since we weren&#39;t in a rush it was fine.  i picked the shrimp ceviche and it was tasty.  love the handmade tortillas.  chips and salsa are super good too.  will be back.
Went with a group of 9 and were seated right away. Our orders were taken quickly, but it was busy so it took a while to get our food. My friend ordered corn tortillas with his dish, but was given flour tortillas twice. Two of us got carnitas burritos, and we both agreed that the plate had very little meat. One of us ordered a seafood soup that tasted watered down. Another friend ordered a chile relleno, but they forgot to make it and finally brought it when most of us had finished eating.The only good thing I liked was the chips and salsa.
Waiter provided excellent service. Food came out at the right time. Loved the chips and guacamole.
Been here a few times. Service is excellent! Consistent quality and quantity. Best mexican food experience next to home cooked. Reccomend the carnitas coca-cola, tableside guacamole app, and cadilac margaritas!
Delicious Mexican food! The decor is a bit less like the taquerias in California, but more similar to the Mexican chains in CA or Tex Mex chains on the east coast -- cheesy, homey atmosphere, with the familiar margarita glasses and heavy plates. The menu is comprehensive -- a lot of generic Mexican dishes you would expect, plus Michoacan specialties.I got the carnitas, and man, was it good. It was not the deep fried kind, but rather, slow cooked and stewed, which made it really flavourful. The green sauce complemented it well, and the rice and beans were good as well. It was a really big plate though, plus I always fill up on chips because I love salsa, so share plates if you need to. I barely finished half of my plate!Service was a bit slow, but overall not too bad. I just want to taste those carnitas again...
I love this place so much. I&#39;ve been coming here since I was a kid. The food is amazing and the staff is friendly. Drinks are good and tortillas are bomb. Try this place out. Weekends mariachi are there
This is probably my FAVORITE Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. They&#39;re good is delicious and they get your orders out quick. Every time I come here i always order their fresh table side guacamole (now this is authentic guac). My favorite dish here is enchiladas de mole. Depending on my mood I will get the Coca Cola carnitas. They are delish! Once you have ordered they always start you off with sopa de fideo which is very delicious! There&#39;s always enough chips, salsa and bean dip which is a huge plus!Lastly, my favorite dessert is the fried ice cream, it&#39;s a must if you have room lol
Great Mexican food and amazing atmosphere! I ordered the burrito/tamale combo, and it was great! Would come back for more Mexican food.
The atmosphere was quite pleasant. That&#39;s the only reason for 2 stars, because the food.... Big MEH.We had heard all the rave reviews. Methinks these people have never been to California and tasted what real fresh Mex is like. Lindo Michoacan is NOT all that. Most of the stuff is pure canned flavor.Save yourself the trip. Head over to Mandalay Bay and get some decent food at the Border&#39;s Grill.
Beyond excellent!!!! Noe was a awesome waiter, queso fundido was excellent, my carne asada out of this world, portions are just fine and the service is just Perfect!!! Will make this top of my list for Mexican Food (and I know Mexican) in Vegas!! Thank you guys.....
Told hostess that i would like to sit on the bar b4 i get a table...hostess  very friendly ( i like to check out the place b4 i order...Bar tender name Nora was very friendly &amp; nice to all counter customers ....I&#39;ved been to this place a dozen of times &amp;  If you like Mexican Food, This is a Place to Go!!!....Very good, tasty and they have Fresh Tortilla... Service was excellent waitress( Evelyn ) very knowleagable on menu....Great Service all around !!
Best Mexican food I have had in a very long time! Everything we ordered was great and cooked right. It was so authentic and tasted very home made. Coming from CA we have eaten at many Mexican restaurants and I can honestly say this is by far our favorite and its not even in Cali. It even beats a couple of places we tried in San Diego. If I start reviewing each and everything we ordered this review will easily turn into a novel because I have nothing but great things to say about everything and no one will read it because its too long, so i&#39;ll just say go there and try it out yourself. You wont be disappointed. The food speaks for itself!
Came here with a group of friends after an extremely long weekend of drunken debauchery on the Strip. It was a Sunday morning and not too busy yet. We were seated right away and offered drinks. I desperately tried to avoid more alcohol but they suckered me into ordering a mimosa. I tried to convince myself that I only ordered it &#39;cause you get a complimentary drink (sangria, margarita, or champagne) when you order their brunch buffet. The mimosa was fresh and yummy. The brunch buffet was $12.95 which includes the free drink and chips &amp; salsa. The chips also came with a bean dip which was quite tasty. The menudo and posole were delicious. Rice and beans were great. Tortillas are handmade and served piping hot with your meal.The staff was friendly and attentive. They seemed as if they actually enjoyed their job.The bathrooms were clean and they smelled wonderful. I don&#39;t know what air freshener they use but it is divine.  I took one star off &#39;cause this place is pretty far from the Strip but worth the extra effort. Additionally, I noticed that there was a sign on the front window that said that they had been voted the &#34;Best of Vegas&#34; award for two years. That can&#39;t be a bad thing right?I loved the fact that all the servers wore shirts that said,&#34;Save water, Drink margaritas!&#34; Definitely my kind of place...
It was ok they could not  get our order right  if they tried hard enough. We sent the food back 3 times because it tasted like a lemon and only a lemon it was weird.. my enchiladas were good but I ordered chicken and they came out cheese and it took forever to get my food back and then the server was like you ordered chicken? And my 6 year daughter remembered what I ordered anyways it was an ok experience. The margaritas look good
One of my favorite Mexican Restaurants! Super authentic with hand made tortillas and the food is amazing!! Chili Rellenos being one of my favorite on the Menu!!!
Visited Lindo for lunch today. I hadn&#39;t been there in a while but I noticed that their wait staff was much more attentive. Everyone greeted us with a smile and seemed happy to work there. A restaurant can have great food but it&#39;s the service that will always get me to come back!
This restaurant had very good Mexican food. We drove like 8 minutes away from the strip and it was worth it. The tortillas are hand made. The steak with the green sauce was super bomb. Also the service was great. We only waited like 5 minutes for a table.
Best Authentic Mexican food in Vegas enjoy everything in the menu great service too!!
The food was amazing! The place has a nice decor, the staff are friendly, and they have really good, authentic, Mexican food!We ordered their guacamole, which was really yummy. They make it table side for you and they provide a pretty well sized bowl of it.I ordered the asada mole enchiladas, they were delicious! I was a bit nervous about ordering mole because so many restaurants mess it up, but this was perfect. The portions are pretty large and the prices are extremely reasonable. I&#39;ll definitely want to come here again. :)
I&#39;ve decided after my first meal here that table-side guacamole making is an important life skill that everyone should have. Like learning to drive a stick shift. Or knowing how to replace an air conditioning filter. When you&#39;re two Asians and two gringos in a Mexican restaurant, you know you&#39;re doing something right when even the Latinos around you are ordering the table-side guacamole. I got the 3-taco plate and opted to get one each of carne asada, lengua, and al pastor rather than getting three of just one type of meat as the menu listed. The al pastor was so awesome - sweet and juicy, but the carne asade and lengua were both on the blander side. I&#39;d come back though - tacos are tough to perfect, especially when everyone feels like they&#39;ve found the Fountain of Tacos out of their coworker&#39;s neighbor&#39;s abuela&#39;s cousin&#39;s pickup truck in the garage and no longer see the value of paying a premium at a sit down restaurant. The menu here is extensive, and I definitely saw a lot of items that caught my eye for a next visit. On top of that, the service is genuine; you don&#39;t have to habla espanol to have the servers be at your every beck and call.
Went here on a recommendation from a friend. Read the reviews and thought, wow this place must really be good!I thought the staff was great. The 2 stars are based on the food.Rarely do I use the salt and pepper shakers. The rice was so bland I had to. How do you mess up rice? The chips came with a bean dip and red salsa. That was kind of different since most Mexican restaurants only offer a red salsa. I ordered the chili relleno. Pretty basic, nothing special. My kids had the enchiladas. And my wife ordered taquitos. They didn&#39;t finish their dishes and when we took it to go we ended up throwing it in the trash. I have a feeling the great reviews are coming from tourists that haven&#39;t had awesome Mexican food. Maybe the same people that think even Taco Bell is real Mexican food. HahaAnyways, I gave the place a try and will never go back. If you still want to give the place a try. Order 1 thing, before making a big order.
A friend from work highly recommended this place and you know what, he was right.  Original Lindo Michoacan was fantastic!  Our waiter quickly brought our drinks and some complimentary hot chips, salsa and bean dip while we looked over the menu.  Now while I could have gotten full just eating those wonderfully hot chips and dip, I had to stop myself from eating them all up so I could save room for all the other food we ordered.  We went with the Queso Fundido with Chorizo, the Enchilada Tarasca and some Carnitas a la Mexicana.  Omg the food was glorious!  Super flavorful, filling and tasty.  I only wish I could have eaten more.  The Queso Fundido was the most deliciously gooey combination of cheese and spices.  I wish every day I could eat me some of that cheesy goodness.  And yes I do love cheese that much.  Then my lunch special that included an enchilada filled with cheese, beef and chicken ... drool worthy.  Everything and I do mean everything I tasted was delicious.  In fact I was only planning on eating half of my food and taking the other half to go to eat later, but that didn&#39;t happen.  The food here was just too good.  My friend, who is a pretty picky Mexican food lover, absolutely devoured all of his as well.  We both thouroughly enjoyed eating here. I will definitely be back the next time I&#39;m in Las Vegas.
We live very close to this place, and since it&#39;s always so busy inside, we usually get TO GO.  Their frijoles refritos are the bom-B.  Everyone inside is so kind, always smiling and always pleasant and efficient.  Now I&#39;m craving the food!!  Don&#39;t just drive by them...next time, see for yourself.
From beginning to end I love this place and I make sure to eat here every single time I&#39;m in Vegas. Delicious and you can never go wrong! I take new ppl with me every time and they alll love it!
Fabulous!  Gotta go here.1.  Ambiance - Great, traditional, can seat large or small parties.  Date, friends, or business, it is great.2.  Appetizers - the salsa, the home made fresh made tortillas and the bean dip are great and never ending. Just ask for more and there it is.3.  Food - So good, so much to choose from. If you are eating American style, they have lunch specials with all your popular dishes like Enchiladas, Burritos, Tacos, Taco Salad, and they have more interesting things such as tongue, pork chops and shrimp dishes.  The fish is great, the lunch specials are nice, but my all time favorite is the Caldo de Res.  How many places in NV can  you get this?  It is SOOOOOO GOOOD.4.  Food part 2.  Forgot about the Menudo, and the tongue.  Lengua a michoacan or tacos de lengua, the beef tongue is great here. You know you gotta have a lot of people coming here to serve the more exotic things.   And, try not to order the burrito, mi amigo. That is like going to a steak restaurant and ordering a PBJ Sandwich. Tasty , but not what you order eating out!5.  This place may be better than the new on on Carnegie and Horizon Ridge in Henderson.A must to go.
Came here because I had some friends raving about how great this place was. Honestly I was slightly disappointed from the hype. I guess my expectations were set pretty high because of other people&#39;s recommendations. I heard their customer service was top notch and was one of a kind. Unfortunately tonight proved otherwise. It seemed like they were just going through the motions and not being sincere about it. Our server didn&#39;t introduce himself like he did with the table right next to us. I came with a group of people so I had plenty to taste. All I can say is that the food was okay, nothing to write home to. However on a brighter note their service was very prompt. Food came out at a good pace and they also give you chips and salsa to munch on while waiting for the entrées. Drinks were constantly being refilled so that was nice.
First off, friendly staff with excellent service. The food came out hot and quickly and the drinks are cold.The corn and flour tortillas were hot and fresh. On a Sunday night, the place was hopping with tourists and locals.The guacamole made tableside could have used riper avocados and maybe a touch of salt, the pico de gallo was flat.My wife had the garlic shrimp, again they lacked a bit of seasoning. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp. They were very good.Overall, we enjoyed our service and the dining experience..The food was good, but not great.
Wow!  I was in Vegas for a conference at the Hilton and looking for a good place to eat because the casino food was horrible and expensive.  A friend recommended this place.  He also recommended the guacamole that was made at the table. Wow again, the guacamole was amazing!  There were 4 of us and we each had a different item for the main course, each one was delicious.  Can&#39;t wait to go back!  The margaritas aren&#39;t bad either.. :-)
I&#39;ve only been here once, but this is my favorite mexican restaurant of all time. I&#39;ve been to mexico, lived in southern california most my life, and been to the east coast&#39;s best mexican restaurants. This one nails them all. Freshly made, authentic guacamole on the table, delicious chips, mole, juicy meats, authentic dishes and deserts--they have it all. Highly recommended to you, your friends, family, x gf/bf&#39;s, x wives, anyone you&#39;ve crossed paths with.I never tried the drinks but the selection was amazing and the mood/atmosphere was much like mexico itself. Don&#39;t skip this place, and when you go, eat as much as possible.
Great food and service. Even after coming in on a busy Friday night with my spouse , the wait was minimal and service was great. They give you large portions of food (not to mention the soup, chips , bean, and salsa dips they give you while you wait for your food).   We were nicely greeted when we came in as well as when we were walking out. Everyone was very attentive making sure we had everything we needed and checked on us to make frequently.  Would definitely come back and recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a good Mexican dine in restaurant .
Before heading back to L.A we wanted to have lunch and we wanted Mexican food. We didn&#39;t want to go to the strip so we found this place thru yelp.. Everything from  the decor to the people that work there is great.. The service is exceptional... Your drink is not even half way when someone is already replacing it.. Food is great, very good portions. They place chips, beans and salsa while ur seating down deciding what to order. We ask for the guacamole n ohh it&#39;s fresh n so delicious you can&#39;t stop eating it. You got to try this place.. Whenever I&#39;m in Vegas, I will definitely go again.
Went here for dinner on friends recommendation and it did not disappoint.  We typically stay on the strip so this was quite a venture out for us.  I believe that there is a closer one to the strip...but we had to check out the &#34;original&#34; one. We came on a friday night at 6:30pm and found it starting to fill up.Location/Ambience:  About 15mins from the strip.  Easy to find and plenty of parking in the back.  The vibe was chill.  Decorated in traditional mexican decor.  Restrooms were clean.  They would arrange tables to fit group size.Service:  This was the best service at a Mexican restaurant that I have ever received.  we were greeted and shown to a table right away.  As soon as we sat down, chips/salsa/beans (yes beans) were placed in front of us.  Multiple people would stop by and ask if everything was ok.  Great recommendations.  Loved the fact that there was a lady making fresh tortillas in the corner.  Food came out at a decent pace.  Drinks came out super fast.  Food:  The menu was definitely extensive.  Nicely organized by proteins.  LOts of things I wanted to try.  I loved the chips/salsa/beans.  NOt terribly spicy but got a nice heat to the salsa.  I opted fro the Buey Al Cilantro (on server recommendation).  I have never ordered a steak (rib eye) from a mexican restaurant, but this turned out to be fantastic.  IT was cooked perfectly medium.  But what made it awesome was the cilantro/onion/chile verde sauce.  It was really really good.  I would cut a strip, add some beans/rice, and eat it with their tortilla.  I&#39;m still thinking about that dish.  Great value at $20 too.  My wife got a seafood soup and that had some nice flavor as well.  The mango margarita was a tad too sweet.  But the original one was great. I would definitely recommend this place.  I would love to return and try out the other items.
Best mexican food I have ever had and that is a pretty big claim as I&#39;ve eaten mexican food all over the states.
If u like to be entertained this would be good place to go. service was good, but food was not much better than Roberto&#39;s tacos, I thought it was overpriced based on quality and taste. Salsa was a bit spicy for me but nothing unique about it. I ordered a strawberry margarita that tasted like daqurri . I did like the homemade flour tortilla tho.
Once again, I come to Lindo Michuacan and have an amazing experience. I find parking like I am king, since theres ample parking. I walk in and skip the hoates, sorry beautiful ladies. I walk straight to the bar and I am greated by Maggie and Renata our bartender for the night. Maggie recommended amazing mescal shots with a orange slice which was the best recommendation I had in a long time.  Thank you Renata for our mixed well drink. I can Honestly say that you both made my night even more memorable. I will see you both next week.
The original Lindo Michoacan! Although I&#39;ve only ate at this location, I&#39;ve heard you can&#39;t eat at any other location but this one. It does not compare.This place is uhhmaaazing. Hands down, the best shrimp ceviche in town. It has the perfect amount of lime juice in it. The perfect amount of shrimp. No one else compares!I love how when you order guacamole they make is fresh. So fresh that they make it right in front of you. And let me tell you, one of the best guacamoles I have ever tasted. When they make it, they make plenty. I had to actually take it to go. And the day after guac taste just as good!They also always bring out a cup of their soup. Very simple but very tasteful. When going to a mexican restaurant you always have to order a Margarita! I got a Mango Margarita. It was so good. They put lucas on the ring of the cup. Bomb.Service was good. Nothing to complain about. Great place to get my mexican fix.
Way over priced. Carne asada lacked flavor. You can always can tell how authentic the food will be by the salsa. The salsa was fresh out of the can. However the mojitos and fiedo soup where very good.  Casa don Juan restaurant is way better them this place.
The cashier, who&#39;s name I believe is Nayeli.. was rude &amp; was talking to her friends when I was trying to communicate with her about my food order. Very unprofessional, I have never felt so ignored. But the food was excellent as always.  I love their Pollo Sarandeado &amp; fresh guacamole dip!
Love the ambiance. Great food great drinks and wonderful service .. Definitely will go back when I visit again!!!
Holy guacamole. Or maybe holy beans and chips would be more appropriate? They bring you that, along with some salsa as soon as you sit down and boy, it&#39;s delicious. No need to order dinner based of how much beans I ended up eating...1. I highly suggest the guava margarita. HIGHLY suggest. $10 and its huge. 2. Their menus huge. I knew I was gonna be full of chips so I ordered a taco and enchilada a la carte and the portion was perfect. I have wanted to try this place for ages (Vegas locals always come here) and it did not disappoint.
Came here with my wife on a Friday night, and the atmosphere was very lively, loud, and energetic. I felt like I was in a touristy part of Mexico. There was a good mix of people from all ethnicities and age groups, and there was also a mariachi band performing. They were entertaining to watch, but I felt bad for the table that had these trumpets blowin all up in their grill.We started off with their complimentary chips and salsa. Also shared a mango margarita with my wife. I&#39;m sure many people have experienced this, but I always get too stuffed from eating all the chips and salsa that I only end up eating half of my entree. The salsa and bean dips were really good, and the chips were hot and fresh. We also ordered a side of guac, and it was nice and chunky. For the entree, I ordered the two taco combo with shredded beef. It was ok. Tasted just like Roberto&#39;s shredded beef taco but just less oily. My wife got the chicken taco and chicken enchilada combo, and besides the enchilada being a little too mushy, she enjoyed it. Not the best Mexican food I&#39;ve ever had but definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants that Vegas has to offer.
I saw all the great reviews on Yelp...was looking for some Mexican food and I was closer to the East Side of Vegas....so I thought I&#39;d stop by give it a whirl...This place was packed at about 1:00PM on a Sunday...Families with huge tables...small tables etc....I&#39;ve got to admit they had the BEST DAMN Taquitos I&#39;ve ever had in my life!Our server even gave me some Sopitos because I was asking about them.The portions are pretty big...it&#39;s not your hole in the wall Mexican place where prices are cheap though....but definitely worth giving a whirl if you are looking for some good Mexican food in the areaService was a bit slow but they were very apologetic even without us complaining....I&#39;m not sure if soup is normally free but they gave us some soup as well.They give chips with salsa like most Mexican restaurants but also bean dip along with it.
Went here last week and had the cilantro steak as recommended by a friend. It was one of the very best Mexican restaurants i&#39;ve been too and the steak tasted really good! We had a jar of mango mojito and it was very good as well.Dinner for 3 &amp; mojito came to about 100.Will definitely go back!
Qué magnífico! I can&#39;t get enough of delicious Mexican cuisine...especially in the Southwest. Make a reservation to guarantee a table or take your chance in the city of Lady Luck...either way, eat here. You&#39;ll be greeted by happy employees that aim to please.The food comes out freshly made and with speed. They move parties in and out as quickly as the customers want. We didn&#39;t feel rushed and we got constant attention to make sure all was well.They had a mariachi band on a Friday night. The place was packed and large parties gathered around. They easily accommodate your group and set up long tables so everyone can dine together.They serve chips and salsa and bean dip to start. While everything on the menu sounded tasty, I ordered the veggie enchiladas. The vegetables were diced and fresh. The side of beans and rice were great. I wanted to eat everything on my plate, but my stomach was telling me there was no more room. The portions were large.I wish all restaurants were run this way. Excellent, hearts to serve, food to nourish and enjoy, and it made for a great beginning to a Vegas Friday night.
I feel like everyone goes nuts for this place. But I don&#39;t really see why. It&#39;s over-priced mediocre food that you can get at a more charming mom &amp; pop business that&#39;s less expensive and with better quality. The Good:-fried ice cream-giant sombrero that they make you wear while they sing the happy birthday song-the shot of tequila that they slam on the table after they sing to you (better drink that sucker fast!)-the soup that you get at the beginning of each meal (which is a little bit of a stretch putting it in the &#39;good&#39; category since I think it&#39;s a little too salty)The Bad:-over hyped salty food-prices
I&#39;m not good at writing very long drawn-out reviews every little smell and salt and whatever else there is to write about all I can say is this place has excellent food the chips and dips  are  delicious .. tableside guacamole is awesome....everything was so good ...my wife had tamales and fish tacos and not one complaint..  everything  it great....its all fresh delicious the service is good it&#39;s a very good place for Mexican there many choices in Vegas this is definitely one of the best
Such a festive place! Definately a place to have a fun bday dinner!I had the opportunity to have dinner here with a friend. He said, the guac here is amazing because its made fresh by your table! Say what!!! So we came here for dinner. Servings are huge. They give complimentary chips, salsa, and this amazing tomato based soup with the thinnest noodles in it! Yum! I recommend sharing a dish or come hungry!!!!I had the beef ranchero salad. Nice portion of meat. A nice kick of spice of the dressing. Lovely salad! My friend got a combo meal. WoW. Huge serving. Three people can eat it!Now lets talk about the guac!!! The avocado is sliced in front of you. Garnish with lime and all the seasoning. The server will also ask how spicy you want it by the amount of jalapeno he will put in the mixer!Very entertaining to watch!!!Around the restarurant, there are people celebrating bdays and staff are so festive doing their rounds singing to them! Bday tequilla shots too!!!So fun! Festive. I cant wait to visit when I am in town!
This place is the absolute best! My fiancé and I always stop by this restaurant whenever we are in Las Vegas! The Mexican food, drinks and the services are great. There is almost no wait ever, even when the place is packed. The most we&#39;ve waited to be seated was 5 minutes. The staff are always friendly, there is always live singing and it&#39;s absolutely amazing! I recommend this a thousand times! Trust me, if you are craving great Mexican food, make the 10 min drive from the strip to this spot.
Officially my new favorite Mexican restaurant overall! I live in Orange County and no place compares to this place in all Mexican restaurants I&#39;ve been to. Granted my family comes from Michoacán and perhaps that&#39;s why everything tastes like home. 1. They start you off which chips, salsa and home made refried beans. None of that canned stuff! (Yes I know the difference) 2. Your meal comes with a traditional &#34;sopa de fideo&#34; which is what every Mexican kid grows up with as a child. It&#39;s like a alphabet soup but with some Latino TLC 3. The flour and corn tortillas are home made!!! How often do you see that???!!! Makes the food so much better!! 4. The restaurant has beautiful decorations of typical arts from Michoacán. Everything on the walls are representative of what a Pueblo in Michoacán sells as hand made art. 5. They have live music. There is a one man band gentlemen with his guitar or keyboard that plays great songs. You can tip him and give requests. They even let us dance to one of his songs. Not much room but we made room. 6. Pretty much anything you order is freshly made and damn good at a reasonable price! To the owners of Lindo Michoacán, you should consider opening up one in Orange County, Ca. PLEASE!!!
We are looking for authentic Mexican restaurant because i had a visitor from Chicago and they&#39;re craving for Mexican food. And finally we found this awesome place and everybody was happy and stuffed! I highly recommend this Lindo Michoacan for their awesome food and friendly staff! Keep it up!God bless!
The customer service provided by the runner Freddy was just FANTASTIC!He went above and beyond, and he was even the server! We came during lunch, expecting a long wait but we were seated super quick. I looked over the menu and Freddy brought out chips, beans, and salsa. I added salt to the beans and skimmed the menu. I checked out the lunch menu, because how can you pass up an entree and a drink for a set price?!Out came the fideo and I ordered a deconstructed chimichanga with carne asada. Now, this was my first chimichanga and boy was it delicious! The exterior was crispy and delicious and the inside was busting the seams with carne asada. On the side was my beans and rice and some guac with lettuce. Freddy recommended I get some enchilada sauce to put on top or dip. BOMB.The chips and salsa were also yummy, and the ambiance is so fun and nice! Go with their lunch menu deals, you will not be sorry!
Excellent service!!!!!2nd time visiting this restaurant. The food is awesome. Not expensive. Very authentic. Great place !!!
Best queso fundido and oysters with ceviche!!!  I can&#39;t wait to come again! This place is a must when we are in Vegas! Get a little crowded on the weekends but the wait is worth it!
I don&#39;t come to Vegas very often but when I&#39;m here Lindo Michoacán is a must! The food is delicious, the service is excellent and there&#39;s live music. There&#39;s plenty of seating for the multitudes that come through. You feel right at home because they&#39;re so welcoming! They know their menu like the back of their hand and will keep you informed so you can make the just right selection. Only problem is - it&#39;s so hard to decide what plate to order! The plates are authentic to the state of Michoacan. I love this place! Oh and don&#39;t forget to order a margarita, michelada or preparada!
From the moment we arrived we were treated to great service! Seated promptly... drink orders taken and brought quickly.  Extensive menu with great dishes.  Chips, salsa and fresh beans brought to us and fresh flavors on all.   Margaritas blended and cold Sopa de fideo before our meal tasted just like my moms and the flavor was perfect! Ordered Camarones enchiladas and enchiladas suizas with grilled chicken.  Delicious! Beautiful portions of shrimp;  the chicken in the suizas is the best I&#39;ve ever had in these enchiladas. Topped with queso fresco and the creamy flavorful suiza sauce tops any enchilada suizas I&#39;ve ever had !!! Vasyn our host provided outstanding and excellent service - very quick, polite, friendly and efficient server Give this man a raise! Lindo Michoacán we love you!
We&#39;ve been to the sister locations around town and they&#39;ve all been great but this one was AMAZING! The vibe you get is just a lot different. Starting off with the parking lot. Theres a few statues and art that you can get instagram worthy pictures from. It&#39;s a Friday Night and its late and still pretty busy when we got there but we were greeted right away. Which is always a plus for me, and got seated right away. The restaurant was busy, loud and the aroma just made you want to order everything.Now to the good stuff . . . the complementary chips were nice and warm and I love their salsa. I got the cheese enchiladas #14 on the combo menu and my daughter got the  Carne Arrachera (flank steak) came with rice beans and tortillas. Everything  was nice and fresh we will be back whenever we are on this side of town!
I love Lindo Michoacán! Very good Mexican food and the waiter was super friendly. They have good chips and salsa. I had the Cheese Enchiladas with red sauce. I can&#39;t get enough of their Fideo Soup, my fav! I love the energy and ambiance of the restaurant. Makes me feel like I&#39;m taking a trip to Mexico and enjoy celebrating their food and culture.
Recommended by a friend and I have to say, I&#39;m so glad I listened. The place is cute, but the food is great. Chips served with beans and salsa at the beginning. Everything is homemade and delicious. Plus the service is good with many attentive staff. .
Amazing amazing amazing food and customer service. My wife and I travel to Vegas 6/8 times a year and every time we are in town we stop by to eat here at Lindo Michoacan. The food is delicious and never disappoints &amp; the micheladas are phenomenal. If you&#39;re in town I highly suggest you go and give them a try.
Omg. The food and service is so great! They start you off with chips, salsa and beans. NEXT, they bring you a small cup of fideo soup. And that&#39;s already before you even order. The handmade tortillas are so delicious. Will definitely have to come again when we are in Las Vegas!
This place was amazing!!!! I loved every single bit from it. The service was just the best ever, the feeling from this restaurant felt as if you were actually in Mexico, and they give you a soup before your meal which is exactly how it is in Mexico! I can&#39;t get enough from everything with the service to the food and the place. Oh and the bar is Amazing as well!! Definitely recommend for the food and everything !! And Jonathan was amazing, so handsome and cute and polite!
This is so far the best Mexican food in Las Vegas original best service best drinks best food best atmosphere company five times to Vegas and I make it a must to come here you should too
I hate this place my steak taco was so burned no flavor why would u waste time and money coming over here. They also dont believe in turning on the air conditioner.  If u see it go somewhere else.
Food is excellent, staff very nice. Live in Los Angeles, daughter recomend that we try it.
I&#39;ve been here three times now and this is the first time I&#39;ve had a bad experience. I ordered camarones aguachiles and when they came out I could instantly tell the shrimp was boiled. Im a HUGE aguachiles fan and have never received them like this , I sent them back and the waiter tried convincing me the shrimp were cooked with limon for 15 minutes. I then got ceviche de camarón and they managed to mess that up as well. No matter how much limon, tapatio, or salt I put nothing helped the poor dish. I came with a party of 9 and three other dishes (BIRRIA, CHIMICHANGA &amp; a chicken plate) were bland. Point being I feel like the food is not worth the price. Oh and charging $18 for 6 shrimp for aguachiles is RIDICULOUS.
Me and my family have eaten here several times in the past with very good results. My wife considered it to be on of the best Mexican restaurants that are fairly priced in Vegas. Tonight we did not get that great service or food that we were used to. The food was just straight up bland. I order the whole fried red snapper and my wife 3 al pastor tacos, for the kids they shared 5 chicken flautas. My fish was fried so hard it was just a dark brown shell laced with bones. I might have got 3 bites of dry meat out of it that I had to eat gaucamole at the same time to swallow it. When we got to our table they brought us beans and salsa with a bowl of warm chips that were like crumbs out of the bottom of a bag of tostitos. They did taste good though. After we ate all of the big peace&#39;s we asked twice for more but they never arrived. I ordered a Long Island iced tea , it was so strong most people wouldn&#39;t like it but I did. My wife&#39;s tacos had to be salted to make them edible. The flautas were bland as well. We had to remind 2 people before we recieved our other two sets of silverware about 5 minutes after the food was served. The sopas they give you, we only had 2 for the 4 people that were there. Later they did bring us 2 more. Whoever cooked that meal for us tonight either was overwhelmed, having a bad night, didn&#39;t care, or just doesn&#39;t season right. I&#39;ve never written a bad review on yelp before in the 4 years I&#39;ve had the app but I thought this deserves one. Thx.
The food was amazing and the service was great but the hostess Stephanie was being very rude and disrespect while we were trying to make reservations. I would suggest getting another host.
I&#39;ve come to eat here on several different occasions and it&#39;s amazing Mexican food! Their food is all extremely generously portioned and fresh. The guacamole appetizer that is prepared tableside is probably the best I&#39;ve ever had at a Mexican restaurant. There&#39;s a really fun vibe here and all the waiters are attentive and quick. I highly recommend eating at Lindo Michoacan!
Great place bar is decorated to the core I am from San Antonio and I was impressed with the authentic food and look. The waiter we had was very courtesy checking on us. We were provided chips with salsa and beans and Fideo it was a warm touch that made the experience very home like. I ordered the camarones borrachos it was lightly dressed in tequila lime sauce. Shrimp was a good size amount couldn&#39;t finish it all. Spanish rice was made with corn and green beans amazing texture. Great overall place to get good Mexican food.
Came for dinner with friends, same day reservations are okay and generally fairly accommodating
I&#39;m the trade show coordinator for my company.  It&#39;s my job to book accommodations,  flights,  transportation, and find a restaurant to hold our company dinners. We have two major shows and one happens to be in Vegas. I discovered Original Lindo Michoacan on yelp and I read a lot of great reviews. I booked our company dinner her last year in October but before that in July 2015,  I came with my boy friend. I decided I wanted to try it out to give my thumb of approval. Let me just say, they did not disappoint. The service was amazing from hostess to bus boy to the entertainment. They start you off with home made chips and salsa and refried beans! Soooo good! The drinks, especially the Margaritas, are perfect. Especially the organic Margarita. Once you place your order, they bring you a small bowl of fideo. They have a variety of food to choose from including vegetarian. Since July 2015, I&#39;ve been back here 5 times. Twice with the company and 3 with my boyfriend. Most recently on October 18th. The CEO asked me to book the dinner here again.  I highly recommend the Pollo asado with rajas de chile y crema, served with rice and beans with homemade flour tortillas. This is my favorite dish. The carnitas soaked in coca cola is pretty good too. The birria de chivo is good and I&#39;m picky about birria de chivo. If it smells nasty, I won&#39;t eat it but theirs is legit. It doesn&#39;t smell nasty and is delicious with cebolla and cilantro. This time around I ordered Pollo asado al mojo de ajo! And it was just as tasty as the other dishes. Real authentic Mexican food. I wish they would open up a location in LA. They have 3 locations in Vegas. If you&#39;re in town and want legit Mexican food, I highly recommend this spot! There&#39;s a reason why the were voted #1 in Vegas. They do not disappoint.
One of the best places in Vegas! I&#39;m so happy that we came here!We ordered the guacamole, and it was made table side. It was amazing. Super fresh and flavor-filled. I appreciate how we could request the spicy level. Not knowing many authentic Mexican dishes, I ordered chicken fajita. I was kind of bummed because I generally don&#39;t like fajitas, but I was wrong! This fajita was the best I ever had, and I&#39;m so glad I got it! The chicken was so good that I could eat it by itself. The meal came with rice, refried beans, sour cream and guacamole. The tortillas are also made fresh. All perfect with my meal. Big enough to feed two small ladies like myself; in retrospect, I should have shared it.I forgot what the dessert we ordered was called, but it was basically vanilla ice cream covered in crunchy flakes, caramel, and cinnamon. It was covered in rum and then lit on fire in ordered for it to caramelize. Very strong rum flavor, so don&#39;t get it if you don&#39;t like alcohol. If I ever come back to Vegas, I definitely will come back here. Highly recommended!
Amazing service, food is phenomenal and authentic. Best Mexican restaurant I&#39;ve ever been to by far.
Good food presented nicely! Fresh tasty guacamole made right in front of you! If you&#39;re looking for some authentic Mexican food this is a great spot to try out. Tasted familiar to my  mama&#39;s home cooking back in California. She was born in Michoacan.
Out of all their locations, the original is truly the best.  The service is on point and the food is fantastic.  Nothing came out greasy or under seasoned.  Our drinks were never half empty.  I would drive from across town just to eat here when I crave Mexican food.
Been here a couple times and each time I leave with my tummy satisfied. Service is great but the menu items are kinda pricy. But their lunch specials are a bargain with a good amount of food. I love everything I tried and portions are more than enough. The thing that keeps me coming back is the table side guacamole. It&#39;s so fresh and seasoned just right.
I used to eat at the Chinese buffet across the street when I was younger and would see all the cars coming in and wonder, &#34;why is that place always busy?&#34; Now I know why. This place is great! I&#39;ve eaten here about 3 times. This last visit, I came with a group of 10 at 11pm after working the UNLV game. We chose to eat here because it was open late (until 12:15), has vegetarian options, and alcohol. While waiting to order, they serve chips with salsa and beans! Our table devoured all of it! It was so good.  After, we were given fideo soup before our meal. The entrees here are ginormous! I got el burrito bionoco, which is served with either chicken, pork, or beef, and rice, beans, lettuce, sour cream, pico, smothered with enchilada sauce and cheese. I ate 1/4 of it and took the rest home. For $11, it&#39;s a steal! Half of my party needed to-go boxes, so you know that&#39;s a lot of food. They also had some kind of karaoke night when we were there. I couldn&#39;t see what was going on since it was on the other side of the restaurant, but you can here a crowd of people cheering on others to sing. It&#39;s pretty funny to listen to while you eat since the restaurant sounds so lively. The other times I&#39;ve come, there is a mariachi band that goes to each table and plays a song for them. This is definitely a place you want to try for good food and a great atmosphere.
Always a &#34;must eat&#34; whenever we&#39;re in Vegas.  This is such a fun place with a menu that you can&#39;t go wrong with.  Everything we&#39;ve eaten here has always been sabroso!  Here are some tips:1) Love the bean dip &amp; Salsa 2) I&#39;m not usually a fan of ordering chicken at restaurants but they have some awesome chicken dishes3) Mango Margarita...yummmService is always fantastic and sometimes they even have live music :)
Good food but the preparadas are the best! Good customer service, just gets really crowded other than that it&#39;s a good dinner place. Prices aren&#39;t bad the hubby and I went there for dinner and drank until closing (at least 5 preparadas each) lol All for $120! Great price specially here in Vegas.
IMO best Mexican food in Las Vegas.
I&#39;m not a huge fan of Mexican food but we tried this place close by. They start you off with fresh tortilla chips and spicy salsa and bean dip. The bean dip is good but I am not crazy about it. I tried a pulled pork and scrambled egg (it seemed kind of like a breakfast concept). It was just ok to me. The horchata was good, and the tortillas come out nice and hot but cool and harden up very fast if you don&#39;t eat it right away. They seem to have a huge variety of different Mexican food, I even saw meats like beef tounge.
we went to the new lindo michoacan in summerlin.  i forgot to get a card so i don&#39;t have the exact address.i have to say we were a bit disappointed.  we usually go to the sister (and i believe estranged) restaurant, bonito michoacan on decatur which we absolutely love.  this new one is closer to our house so we tried it out when they recently opened.the food was mediocre and the prices were outrageous.  lunch menu consisted of items between $13-18 per plate with the better selections leaning towards the $18 range.  the kids menu was great though.  $5.99 for a healthy sized dish with all the fixins.  service was excellent.  the decor was on the cheesy side.  they hung a bunch of items on the wall that looked like it was picked up from a yard sale.we&#39;ll stick with frank &amp; fina&#39;s cocina on flamingo...down the street.  =)
